Three Stars awesome
It could have been better I really like the stories I have read by this author, but this was my least favorite so far. I usually really like this author and was disappointed by the book because it was just okay. They story had a very interesting premise, but it was not fleshed out into the full story it deserved. The shortness of the story makes Aislinn's capitulation a little too quick even though you know they have been working together for 6 months already. I would love to see this story worked out into a full novel by this author and see where it really goes. It felt overly edited to fit within a certain number of pages. I will keep reading her books, but I just won't revisit this one.
A Good Quick Read I really do enjoy Troy Denning's work, I want everyone who reads this review to know this. I loved Star by Star and I very much enjoyed Tattooine Ghost. This book "A Forest Apart" wasn't on par with his other works. It wasn't without it's charm, but it had things in it that I didn't like. The story itself is pretty simple. It's a coming of age story for Chewbacca's son, and instead of coming of age on Kashyyyk, he is growing up on Coruscant. It's not horrible, and we find out that Lumpy is an avid gamer and enjoys playing video games and that he idolizes his father. ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** First of all, why is Han Solo on the cover? He's not even IN this story other than a few mentions of his name. Why not have Chewbacca and Lumpy instead of Han and Chewie? Also, I HATE books where Chewbacca's grunts and growls are translated. Like in the Black Fleet Trilogy, he had his speech translated and it was just stupid. I feel that he works much better as a strong silent type who speaks through his actions rather than his words. I mean imagine in characters like Jason Vorhees, Michael Meyers, Silent Bob, or Sphynx (from Gone in 60 Seconds), all just started having lengthy conversations throughout their movies? They lose some of what makes those characters awesome. Sometimes an author can say very much by having a character say very little. My only other problem with the book is when Chewie and Malla have the droid "IT" in their blaster sights, his back is to them and he doesn't see them. Why don't they just shoot him? Instead they send Lumpy out as a "distraction." Yet he doesn't really do anything worth mentioning to distract IT and his minions. He walks out on the observation deck where they are hiding, opens the window and drops down to the level where IT and his minions are loading nerve gas onto transport ships. I mean that's not much of a distraction, besides the point of a distraction is to get someone's attention away from one spot so you can do something while they are not looking. Well, IT wasn't looking in your direction to begin with, so why bother? They could have just taken up positions on the observation deck and shot him. ***END SPOILERS*** ***END SPOILERS*** ***END SPOILERS*** Okay so this story wasn't really bad other than a few minor details I didn't like. I did like seeing that even in a galaxy far far away that we have sons who want to be like their fathers and get into trouble when they do rebellious things. This story reminded me of what a good writer Troy Denning is and it reminded me to add his other works to my wishlist. Check this one out!Terrific!!! Let me start this review off by saying that no one, and I mean NO ONE can write for Boba Fett as well as Karen Traviss can. When I saw this book on Amazon I was delighted and I was even more excited when I found out that she wrote it! ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** I knew from the Star Wars comics that the Mandalorians were involved in the Vong War during their invasion and that they fought alongside them against the New Republic. But this e-book really helped fill in the gaps that the comics and the novels left. I knew they weren't just in it for the credits! The visuals that Karen Travis paints with her story were just amazing! Having Boba Fett walking through the depths of one of the Vong's ships was great! I could almost smell the slime oozing from the walls and hear the squishing of his boots as he walked across the pulsing floor. Also, having him compare being in the ship to being back inside the Sarlaac pit was very cool as well. During the book, the Mandalorians are faced with a moral dilemma. They have signed up with the Vong, thinking they are just an army that wants to wreck a few worlds and they'll get some quick cash off of it. But it turns out it's an entire invasion armada and they want to destroy the entire galaxy! Boba Fett and the Mandalorians have already taken the job so they are honor bound to stand by their word and fight alongside the Vong against the New Republic. However in doing so, Fett adds on that the Vong have to leave his home planet of Mandalore alone. They agree and of course they are lying to him. But this gives Boba Fett the time he needs to mobilize his people for war. And when you have the entire population of the Mandalorian home world gunning for you, you might just want to reconsider your course of action! While fighting alongside the Vong, Boba Fett manages to sneak information to the New Republic about the Vong, their plans, their technology and their biology. Eventually the New Republic wises up and realizes that the Mandos are double agents and they send a Jedi Master to parley with Boba Fett. He tells the Jedi to keep this under wraps and to keep fighting against the Mandalorians as if they are the true enemy in order to keep up the ruse so they can continue to slip the New Republic information about the invaders. The Jedi Master asks what Fett wants in return. He only asks for one thing, that the Republic knows that a Mandalorian warrior died to save a Jedi Master. ***END SPOILERS*** ***END SPOILERS*** ***END SPOILERS*** This book was awesome! Karen Traviss continued to do what she did best in the Star Wars universe, writing for Boba Fett and the Mandalorians. It really is too bad that she and the rest of the Star Wars writers had a falling out due to creative differences and that she is no longer writing for Star Wars. I would have loved to read more of her work in a Star Wars setting.
I am going to try to read it again I just could not get into this book. It never got me, but may have been my mood. I made a note to try again sometime.
Not Really About U-Boats I expected a War story about U-Boats in WWI what I got was love story about a young girl and a fledgling U-Boat captain. The author, whoever it was, captured the essence of the aristocratic German officer. It was interesting how his attitudes toward the war and country were affected by his love for Zoe. There is a little bit of U-Boat combat action but that is a mere sideshow to the love story. Not a War story involving lots of action, but not a bad little love story.
Difficult to understand for those not familiar with this culture The Brief Wondrous life of Oscar Wao by Dominican-American writer Junot Diaz tells the story of Oscar de Leon and his family, especially his sister Lola and his mother Belicia. The story is told from various perspectives and by multiple characters and in different time periods. Diaz also uses Spanglish to some extent. The novel received several awards including a Pulitzer Prize for fiction. Oscar is an extremely overweight boy living in Paterson, New Jersey. His family is from the Dominican Republic and the story switches back and forth between that country and Paterson. Oscar is obsessed with science fiction and love and believes he and his family are cursed by a fuk. The story covers his life in high school, at Rutgers University and in his homeland. Alternative stories focus on his sister, his mother and even his grandfather, Abelard. There is also an emphasis on magic and spiritual concepts as well as some description of life in the Dominican Republic during the rule of the dictator Rafael Trujillo who ruled the country from 1930 to his assassination in 1961. I have no knowledge of this culture and thus found the story hard to follow, given the authors constantly shifting focus and use of Spanglish and Dominican Republic culture. Others, especially young people and those from this country may find the book to be interesting and far more readable.
Good story. A good story. Kind of a slow read for me, but I'm more of a romance buff anyway. I am interested to see the movie though.
Uplifting I have rad many inspirational books. They all have the same flavour with the authors personal experice as an influence this book is like that. Oriah has included exercises and mediations for you to follow and it is easy to understand. Good for those seekeing support on thier spiritual jouorney.
Love, Anger, and Sex in a Current Novel Anne Enright's "The Gathering" explores issues of family, love, loss, in the voice of a 38 year old woman, Veronica, reflecting upon the suicide of her brother Liam in a large, modern Irish family. The book is told in a stream of consciousness style as Veronica, while responding to her brother's death and handling the details of retrieving his body from England, reflects upon her life and her family. Some of her recollections, as Veronica admits in the first sentence of the book, may not be accurate as they are covered over by memory and self-interest. Veronica is thus something of an unreliable narrator, and Enright, the author, remains in the background without explicit comment. This is a difficult book. The various Amazon reviews are thoughtful and perceptive, from those which rated the book a 5 to those which rated the book a 1. I learned something from many of the reviewers whose perspective on the book differs from mine. I came away from my reading mostly disliking the book, and the views of many of my fellow reviewers confirmed my response. "The Gathering" has many poetical moments and beautiful turns of phrase. The narrator, Veronica, appears to make an attempt to be honest with herself. Thus in the story we hear her views about her own life, her large family, parents, grandparents and siblings, and about her husband and children. In particular, we hear a great deal about love, desire, and sex and Veronica's views of their interrelationships. Veronica is bitter and angry. The author presents her character for what she is to allow the reader to try to understand her. The poetry and the toughness do not save the book. Most of what Veronica says is too bitter and too angry to be interesting or insightful. In fact, a great deal of it is an extreme form of male-bashing which, alas, differs only in degree from much discussion in recent years and which takes no large degree of courage to express. Veronica is obsessed with male sexuality and lust -- with the smell of a man, with the grossest details of a man's body parts, and with a man's sexual activity. She is angry with the way she feels men approach sex and this anger pervades her book far more than does the death of her brother. Her story is told through the fog of time and much of it remains elliptical. But through much of the book, the theme appears to be that women are sullied by male sexuality at least in the form in which most men pursue sex. Their characters and feelings do not meet Veronica's expectations and approval. The story includes long discussions on Veronica's grandmother, Ada, on her questionable early life, and on her relationship with her two suitors. Veronica is also obsessed with the life of her parents -- and on their large family. She attributes the large family and its difficulties to her father wanting too much sex with her mother -- as if, Veronica observes, he had a right to sex. In her own life, Veronica remembers with fondness a Jewish boyfriend from America during her college years. But she feels little for her husband and finds sex with him repellant in frequency, timing, and quality. He had the sex, she observes archly after one of their times together, I did not. Veronica also resents her husband his career success and her own leaving of the work place to raise her children. Too much of this comes off as a screed and to much of it as a rehearsal of what have become commonplaces in some quarters. While I appreciated the attempt of the book to be frank and to speak honestly about one's feelings, I didn't think the book achieved these goals. I came away not caring much about Veronica. And I had too many questions about her responses to her experiences and her insight to find her story compelling. I was reminded in this book of a recent American novel called, coincidentally enough, "Veronica" by the American writer Mary Gaitskill. This novel, like "The Gathering" is told in a first-person stream of consciousness style. (The narrator is a woman named Allison and the title character is her friend.) Gaitskill's book is also full of tough reflections on sexuality, derived from Allison's life as a stripper and model. But I found Gaitskill's book, in which the sex is much more lurid than anything in "The Gathering," had the personal voice, the immediacy, and the sense of honesty, that Enright's book aims for but for me failed to achieve. I struggled with "The Gathering" but couldn't bring myself to like or to recommend it. Robin Friedman
easy summer reading but interesting especially considering the age in ... It is not exactly light, easy summer reading but interesting especially considering the age in which we now live versus that in which Engels lived. Some of you probably were assigned to read for one class or another.
Yes and No I rarely read historical novels and should not have grabbed this one. The characters were well written. The formatting is wonderful, I just could not wrap my head around the whole thing. The wagon people would have killed off the Indians and that would have been that. Its a nice love story just not my type of love story
Star Wars: The New Jedi Order: Recovery Another well written eBook by Troy Denning, but why is it put where it is? Why not a part of Balance Point? It is well written and belongs in the new Jedi Order. I just don't think it should stand alone. It is fun and fast to read on my Kindle, but not even in paperback????Star Wars: A Forest Apart A great little chapter to read on my Kindle, but not necessarily worth the price. It would have been a nice addition to The Courtship of Princess Leia or an add on to Tatooine Ghost. I liked it, but when it doesn't even rate being published as a paperback; an avid Star Wars fan you will need to be to download and read this eBook.Star Wars: Bobba Fett: A Practical Man This is an ebook and is a good read, but why not just include with one of the new Jedi Order books as a supplement??? It is fun to read it on my Kindle, but still the same it could have been added to several of the New Jedi Order series.............
Nice There was enough drama to make it interesting; however, not enough oomph in the love department. I would think that dedicating your life for hundreds of years would be a lot more emotional than how it was depicted in this book. I must say the sex scenes were quit steamy.
haven't read yet I got a whole bunch of free books to download. Haven't read it yet. Doesn't appear to be any issues with downloading.
grate book Must read for all ages. Such a grate read. I don't want to tell to much about the book because ill end up giving it all away.
Not what I was expecting. This is text is definitely a must read but it was not at all what I was expecting it to be. The text itself is only about 40 pages long and very repetitive. It seems to me that it was more aimed at mobilizing the middle/lower classes to overthrow the upper class rather than have an intellectual discussion and analysis of communistic type systems.A great introduction to important cases and the history of the supreme court This book was a great introduction to supreme court cases that shaped our lives today. I also read Liberty & Tyranny by the same author and this book was far less partisan. Although there were a few times where it seemed like his right-wing views seemed to cloud his arguments, for the most part his arguments and information followed a reasonable logic. If you are going to read this book I would recommend having a copy of the constitution handy to reference certain clauses. Anyone who reads this book along with the constitution will be shocked and appalled once they realize how far the constitution has been distorted and the flawed logic under which we have done so.
Consult your dictionary often! Frank Abagnale led an extraordinary life, before he even turned 20. I read this book to a 91 year young client, and he chuckled several times, picturing the shenanigans that Frank perpetrated. The frustrating part of this book, is the fact that Mr. Abagnale tends to use verbose and egocentric vocabulary to describe his life. He obviously is intelligent, but seems to talk "down" to the reader. Other than that, it's an interesting and enjoyable read.
Hot and Spicy yet Cheesy This was a fun read, but don't expect anything other than that. It was is very short so if you have an hour or two to kill. But this will probably leave you rolling your eyes at the end for how cheesy the ending is....
Three Stars Kept me entertained, and I finished it, but not really my style of book.
The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao is is sold like a coming of age story of the title character This is a tough one. I still don't know how I feel. I think i'll know by the end of this post though. The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao is is sold like a coming of age story of the title character. If the back is to be believed, this is the insular tale of a Dominican nerd who lives in New Jersey and his girl problems. But it's not. This is the story of a family running away from tyranny in the Dominican Republic and trying to find peace in the United States. This is the story of a family trying to figure out if they're cursed or not amid death, sadness, heartbreak and the Diaspora (with a capital D). From my perspective as a white woman born and raised in the United States by American parents, there's a lot of stuff in this book that just isn't meant for me to get. A bunch of it was in Dominican slang Spanish because it wasn't written for me. I'm glad we're getting to the point where we can have American narratives that aren't just about white people. Minorities can tell their stories for themselves instead of having to edit for, in this case, "gringo" audiences. On the other hand, the overly long sections describing the early life of Oscar's mother in the DR dragged for me. I knew it was important, but I just couldn't get into the story. I also gave up on the expansive footnotes of the history of Dominican corruption and violence because it overwhelmed me. Additionally, the swapping narrators and shifts in time made it hard to follow exactly who was talking at what points. Finally, as a woman I had trouble connecting to Oscar as a protagonist. The concept that men deserve women's attention just for being nice frustrated me. The concept of "nice guys finish last" wore thin because i've been the woman who has the male friend she doesn't return the affections of and is forever enshrined in their consciousness's as a heartless bitch. I was frustrated with how Oscar never learned and grew. He remained stagnant. The only thing that made him jump off the page was the unique writing voice of Yunior, the narrator for his sections. I am glad this new kind of American fiction exists. Despite my issues with the story, I fell in love with Diaz's unique writing voice and how he brought the DR home to me. I will read what he puts out next, and plan to go back and read Drown. He hooked me, just not in the complete way he probably hoped to. Although, maybe it wasn't meant to reach me and that's perfectly ok.
A must read, but not necessarily a must like Though originally written in 1848, The Communist Manifesto by Marx and Engels ended up exerting its greatest influence in the following century. No other book had a more profound effect on 20th-century history in terms of lives affected, governments overthrown, nations transformed, people killed or displaced, and the expenditure of time, money, and energy either for or against it. Given the fact that America was so preoccupied with the threat of Communism for decades, it's surprising how few Americans ever took the time to read the actual battle cry of their nemesis. Due to its historical importance, Communism is a political philosophy that must either be accepted or refuted, but cannot be ignored. Nevertheless, my intention here is not to critique Communism as a philosophy but rather to critique the Manifesto as a book. A common misconception is that this book is the founding document of Communism, but in reality Communism was well-known as an active political school in Europe at the time the Manifesto was published. The purpose of the Manifesto was to ignite and unite the faithful, recruit the curious, and frighten the bourgeoisie. The authors assumed a prior knowledge of Communism on the part of the reader, and as such the text spends more time clarifying the doctrine of Communism than it does declaring it outright. Because it's a manifesto rather than a full-fledged philosophical treatise, its full of bold, undefended statements. Here you won't find well-reasoned arguments extolling the virtues of Communism, nor detailed explanations as to how exactly the world would be run following the triumph of the Revolution. For that you'll have to look elsewhere in Marx's oeuvre. The subject matter of the Manifesto is restricted to a description of the class struggle between the bourgeoisie and the proletariat, along with some general statements about the abolition of private property. There's also some discussion of how Communism differs from earlier forms of Socialism, and the state of its activity in Europe in the mid-19th century. The Kindle file that's offered for free on Amazon was originally created by Project Gutenberg. It's a very short file, and one-fifth of it is taken up by the Project Gutenberg license agreement. The entire Manifesto can be read in under an hour. This is a no-frills file; it contains no introduction, commentary, or footnotes. There's no table of contents, but a file this small doesn't really need one. The English translation is from the 1888 edition edited by Engels. For the modern audience it's a bit of a clunky read. There are a few grammatical errors, subject-verb disagreements for example. Absent from this volume, however, are the annoying typographical errors often found in Project Gutenberg files created by optical character recognition of scanned books. In that respect the text is clean and user-friendly. As a historical document, The Communist Manifesto is an invaluable artifact. As a philosophical text, it's brevity undermines its necessity. For any in-depth knowledge of the subject, you'll have to dive into Marx's Das Kapital.
3 1/2 stars - worth your time! I'd go 3 1/2 stars on this one. Not my favorite, but well worth reading. I liked the story of how the womens' lives were intertwined and how they loved and strengthened each other.
Three Stars A real adventure story and true
Good story, obscure language Despite the lavish critical praise heaped on "Dirt Music", one of last year's Booker nominees, I can't say that I enjoyed it. The problem doesn't lie with the story but with Winton's language which others may find poetic and lyrical, but just seems jarring and obscure to me. His characters spit out half sentences, phrases, punctuated by local slang and references that nobody unfamiliar with the Australian outback will be able to understand. Notwithstanding, "Dirt Music" has a decent story going about two people, one unhappy and listless in a loveless marriage, the other strung out and catatonic with grief after a car accident which wipes out his entire family, how they ignited the last spark of life in each other when their paths crossed one day, with devastating consequences. Damaged people recognise and are drawn like magnets to each other, Winton seems to be saying. Surprisingly, Georgie and Lu share very little page space. Whereas Georgie's past and character is revealed in words, Winton relies on language and imagery to express Lu's situation, which lies buried beneath his deep freeze reserve. Lu's solitary flight into the wilderness may be key to the story but it goes on for far too long and becomes interminable. The Georgie chapters are far more satisfying. Not as good as "The Riders". Disappointing.Overated - undeserving of the literary hype Junot Diaz's debut novel "The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao (BWLOW)" was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for fiction and won tons of other book awards, so I thought I'd check it out to see if it lives up to all the literary hype. The short answer is no and here's why. The book isn't really about Oscar Wao ; it's about his multigenerational family, including his mother Beli and his sister Lola, whose stories are arguably more colourful than Oscar's. Dominican Republicans believe they are cursed by the fuku because life under the unholy mid-20th century fascist terror regime was so unpredictable nobody could be certain of waking up the next day alive. The country's leader and his henchmen behave like war lords - they took whatever and whoever they fancied, so kidnap, rape and murder was a daily occurrence. We get our history lesson from a rather confusing non-linear narrative that jumps around quite a bit, each segment voiced by a different person, depending on whose story is being told. We are also distracted by long copious footnotes that sometimes take up half the page about DR's holy terror, his almost-as-terrifying sidekicks, and major events of the times. A rather messy way of giving readers context. Taken at another level, the fuku is simply the curse of living. Which child doesn't know the pain of rejection from not conforming to social standards ? In that sense, Oscar's blues seem rather unexceptional. Not unexpectedly, his mother - a rebellious red hot filly in her youth who tragically caught the wrong person's eye -takes a path that would mirror that of his sister. Lola wanted freedom and fought like a tigress to escape her mother's clutches...but Beli knew better, didn't she...after what happened to her. The circle seems destined never to be broken - that's life's fuku. Diaz's prose is mad and manic - the mixed language is a heady cocktail that makes reading unimaginably difficult for readers unfamiliar with Spanish. What this book needs is a glossary of terms for reference. It would also benefit from tighter editing. Overated and unworthy of the hype.Worst Booker prize winner.........ever ! Anne Enright's "The Gathering" has got to be the worst ever novel to have been awarded the prestigious Booker Prize. What was the award committee even thinking of when they shortlisted it from among possibly hundreds of other worthy titles ? What could they have seen in this rather unexceptional if not downright boring tale about a large damaged Irish family that led them to name it the best work of fiction for 2007 ? The Booker has been rather erratic in its choices in recent years. Unless this trend is arrested, it will become increasingly irrelevant in influencing what serious readers will eventually read. Stories about damaged families are a firm favourite with English/Irish writers. Nothing wrong with that if the author has a half decent or interesting story to tell and tells it well. John Banford's "The Sea", another Booker winner from the recent past, is a good example. Sadly, on both counts, "The Gathering" fail rather miserably. The narrator Veronica's voice is so cryptic, judgmental, and unpleasant I found it hard to lend her a sympathetic ear. She's a self-centred bore and an interminable whiner. It's always her parents' or her siblings' fault. For example, she blames her mother - for what I'm not sure - and still don't know for sure by the end of the story. She criticizes her big brother Ernest who joined the priesthood then dropped out for being a hypocrite, etc etc. She's so devastated and numbed by her brother Liam's suicide she puts her relationship with her husband on hold for reasons we can only guess at - he's too interested in his career (is that a bad thing ?) and maybe had a couple of affairs on the side. The so-called family secret is also such a pathetic clich I almost gave up when it is revealed two thirds of the way through. Not that it isn't a terrible crime, just that it isn't nearly enough to hang a story on. Worst of all is Enright's prose. It's choppy, awkward, and ugly. Those one word sentences that punctuate the pages. How pretentious ! That noir-ish seduction scene at the hotel lobby when grandma Ada and her lover first laid eyes on each other is just plain absurd. Instead of sensing the sparks, I thought "how unlikely"! Then I suddenly recall there was one book I read two pages of and then abandoned because I couldn't stand the writing and that turned out to be (also) Enright's "What Are You Like ?" Maybe Anne Enright just doesn't agree with me. I swear I'm never ever going to read another one of hers again.
An interesting re-read I found a lot more to the manifesto in this re-reading. My previous attempts to come to grips with the text was always thwarted by the hopeless grounding in Marx's view of history and a vast distance from genuine, organic economic and political positions relevant to modern times -- always with the horrors of Leninism and Stalinism to consider. Recent economic events, from the 2008 economic collapse to the reactionary craziness from conservatives and Republicans now make most of the manifesto interesting and timely reading. I think history has finally dragged the manifesto into an era where it begins to be useful, even if no longer revolutionary. Many of Marx's more strident and militant banishment are no longer necessary when the issues and the answers are much more obvious in an America where a Republican minority, and the reactionary craziness of the Right, are plainly visible and increasingly seen as illegitimate.
Good book Really Like the book.
Banville's Train Wreck Here it is. I have finally discovered a work by Banville that I would NOT recommend to anyone save, perhaps, to some castaway, starved for anything approaching true literature, living in some outback town, relying completely for his/her reading material on the sparsely-shelved public library in which the only Banville work is Shroud. Indeed, in so many ways, this work is resembles nothing so much as a train wreck of two other Banvillean works, Athena and The Untouchable, both of which I would recommend with highest laud (a good, Banvillean word, that). In point of fact, I have done so in my reviews of these two masterworks. Let's take this theme of identity (or lack thereof): The narrator of The Untouchable explores this evanescent notion much more deftly and seductively than herein, where it is pounded into the reader's cranium on page after page, rendering "heavy-handed" something of an understatement. All which illustrates that it's the Proustian style, not the Nietzschean, which best broaches this subject. Then, of course, there's sex, and plenty of it herein: In Athena, the oneiric aura of the narrator's love/lust for his beloved is manifest in every raindrop, every turn of the street and, indeed, in every one of the paintings he elaborates on - Again, that deft, Banvillean touch - Here, to the contrary, we have detailed, emetic grotesqueries of the paedophilic narrator (whatever his name may be), inserting his phallus into women whom he desires or who, in their turn, desire to be, "ripped in two" by him. Sorry, it's just not on. Yes, yes Banville's still a wizard with the English language. But even this quality, as opposed to his other works, is not up to the Banvillean mark here. I almost always have a quote or entire passage that I feel bound to include in my reviews of Banville's works, so rapturous are they. Not so here, and I've read the book twice. Finally, it's generally a sound notion that when you find a book accompanied by nothing but encomiastic reviews without a trace of reservation, that there's something's rotten in the state of Amazon. Three stars--It's still Banville, and nobody writes like him. At his worst, he's still far above, in a different realm, compared to most anything my would-be library patron might find on those sparse shelves - Unless, of course, s/he chances upon Proust.
I got it becuae it was free. it's the ... I got it becuae it was free. it's the same as it always has been, i had to read it in college, it really hasn't changed. I just got it and never downloaded it, i just wanted it in my library as a reference for the future
on the edge? Not for me. Found myself bored and not interested in these characters. Could not finish and that is very unusual.
Reviews Not Accurate I have read a review stating the paper is 9.99 for USA subscribers. It is 14.95 USD for subscribers. The paper comeswith very few photos like most Kindle papers which appears to be a universal complaint. The reason for this is the large bit data it takes to put a photo in the papers.Save your money Today I received 3 1/2 stories as my Kindle Chicago edition. The only way to unsubscribe is to contact Amazon as there is no button to stop delivery . Disappointed many days with few word articles and up to 20% obituaries some days. Cancelling today after less than one month.
Wow At least I understand the basis of Communism, the Proletariat, the Bourgeoise, and the place in the workforce. I won't switch over to Communism any time soon. But a great work nonetheless!
I didn't think it was all that great I'm still not sure what makes this book a literary genius. First off I dislike fiction stories that include footnotes. Although, I know they are there to state facts, I still found myself not reading them. There is an interesting history trapped in these pages. And that I did enjoy. I liked the story involving Oscar's heritage and the history of the Dominican. He's mother's story was particularly harrowing. But, the story of Oscar himself bordered on vulgar at times. I felt like it was 340 pages of a man's desire to have sex for the first time. I finished it (and it took me longer than most books this size do), but I don't feel I learned anything from it.
Read but do not follow Good read but faulty ideology in real life. This book has cause many to suffer in the disguise of social justice and equality but instead only caused suffering and dismay of the masses.
Three Stars intresting
Three Stars Another good read by Fern Michaels
If you have nothing else to read... Writing style was of the period, so stilted. The story, while interesting did not flow well. The characters were not always clearly developed.
Three Stars A bit hard to follow and never an answer ro the apparent complete family dysfunction
A quick bite This was my first for this author. The book was ok but I do look forward to reading the rest of this series. The first in most series are not that good so I will keep reading because I feel like I know some of the family and will only get to know them more of I keep reading.
A Utopian Manifesto A naive reactionary idealism based on what was seen during the birth pangs of government created and organized by a populace i.e., nation, which had never been seen before and the natural subsequent difficulties of such a political experiment in its beginnings as permanent conditions that would require revolutionary action to set it aright. The first part is little more than an emotional rant. The communist manifesto is completely untenable and unrealistic in any practical form. This is evinced since the advent of communism in Russia through every country that touts the communist ideal. This utopian idea, as Marx states himself, can only exist at the behest of a bourgeois already in existence and well developed that a proletariat might be created so that the communist philosophy may become necessary and thereby implemented. The society Marx outlines is devoid of any boundaries, towns, cities, provinces, states, counties, countries, and political parties. From its thrust into the world in Russia throughout every communist country currently in existence, not a single one of them reflects the philosophy and ideology of Marx's communism. All communist regimes are just as much a prime example of class distinction and class antagonism, albeit minus the "right" to publicly take any position not in line with the ruling communist class. Marx's philosophy directly opposes not only industrialization but also the advent and continued proliferation of a mechanized world. It is also a philosophy lacking any sense of values and character indemnified by Marx's open declaration that communists will ride on the back of any revolutionary movement they view as having the probability of overthrowing the ruling class of any nation regardless of that revolutionary movement's philosophy. After reading this the naivety of Marx and his fellow communists of his era, the progenitors of the communist philosophy, it becomes abundantly obvious that power hungry, greedy men of unbounded avarice would see the communist philosophy as a means to their ends with the window of opportunity presently afforded them at the time. These men then used the guise of communist utopia to rally men to their cause, the poorer the better, to agitate them towards violence and ride the wave of revolution to victory and the establishment of yet another government that does not also create class distinction and oppression but brutally does so. Once these men are in power the result is similar to a monarchy without the opulence. Not only all power is invested in the ruling class but also so is all the national wealth held by the ruling class, just like it is in a monarchy. Boundaries are not erased in any sense but are more firmly established and enforced even at the cost of death for anyone who would try to escape such a blissful existence. The representative government authorized by a constitution is not, as no construct of men may not be, without its problems. Still, a government defined by the people of a nation, restricted by a constitution, and built upon inherent rights belonging to every human being, is far better than anything else the world had in the past or currently exercises.
Three Stars Political correct
amusing, but not that great First of all, I guess this is a chick book (excuse the non-PC comment), but it was enough of a bargain that I thought I'd try a Kindle sample. The first chapter or so was funny enough and an interesting plot so that I bought the full book. Certainly could not read it right through, but when I finished the first one, it was enjoyable enough. I read a couple other books, then went back and read the next, and so forth. She is funny and writes very well, and had clever plots, but the formula was far too predictable to make me want to read any more. The last book got very tiresome with the two lead characters having sex, fighting, having more sex on and on and on, without the plot developing very much at all. And, I was fascinated at how many of the characters kept "snorting" every time somebody made a funny crack. It began to seem like a large pig farm. Anyhow, amusing books but you have to be an aficionado to keep reading her stuff. I guess I ain't one. Snort.
I didn't love it I really couldn't connect with this one. Most books are hard for me to put down. In this case, it took me a while to get through it because I JUST DIDN'T CARE. There are some really beautiful elements to this novel, and I definitely feel better educated about the history of the Dominican Republic. I liked the character of Lola, and could have used more of her and her point of view. The same goes for La Inca. I didn't care for the stylistic prose - the dialog was all very incorporated into the general text and there isn't a single set of quotes. For me, this meant that there were a few times when I had to re-read something because it wasn't clear that either the scene had switched, someone was speaking, or it was the narrator's own commentary. There were a lot of footnotes, and some were interesting and explanatory, others just seemed like an afterthought. If you aren't familiar with the Spanish language, I can definitely see struggling with this as there are words and phrases liberally incorporated into the text. Keep your dictionary handy (though most of it could probably be understood by context). Fortunately I am well versed in Spanish, and this wasn't a huge issue - but I can definitely see this as a frustration for others. Oscar was a sad character. I realize this is the point, but it seemed... overly done. His entire life is not "wondrous" but depressing. While I like sci-fi, I am not a "nerd" so to speak, or a gamer, so a lot of the pop culture references that were peppered throughout the entire book were entirely lost on me. I really wanted to love this, and as I said there were certain aspects that I found truly appealing; but overall, it just really stalled out for me.
Read it for yourself. Everyone should be familiar with this work, because it is constantly referenced in the culture and because it is best to be on guard against known enemies. Communism immiserates its populations, every time. Islam and communism are the two most destructive forces of the past century. We all must be aware of what is happening around us.
Highly Recommend "A specter is haunting Europethe specter of Communism." PROs: * One of the most influential books of all time that changed the world * Unique view of how history has progressed * Compelling critique of capitalism * Introduces a completely novel economic system CONs: * Many of the complaints lodged against capitalism do not hold nearly as much weight now * Hard to fully comprehend without a pretty good understanding of European history and economic history "The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles. Freeman and slave, patrician and plebeian, lord and serf, guildmaster and journeyman, in a word, oppressor and oppressed." The Communist Manifesto covers a very large amount of information in a very short amount of time. This inevitably means that the statements made are not fully supported, but this is not the point of a manifesto, the purpose of which is to powerfully and coherently state a set of goals for a particular party. I think the first part of the manifesto was the most interesting. In it a unique (but brief) evaluation of history is given, with Marx's famous "class struggle" statement. It is concluded that all antagonisms and conflicts in history have their root in class warfare (nobleman and serf, freeman and slave, etc.) Up until Marx's time, each epoch in history had many different classes, and each time a lower classes would rebel against the upper class minority, the only thing accomplished would be a reconstructed class system with the same root problem. Marx says that in the 19th century, we have the opportunity to completely do away with the class system altogether due to the fact that this is the only time in history where the classes are so distinct: the proletariat (working class majority) and the bourgeoisie (minority that controls most of the capital due to the labor of the working class). Marx says that if the proletariat is able to overthrow the corrupt and exploitative bourgeoisie, unlike all earlier revolutions, there will be a complete transformation in society rather than simply a new reorganization due to the fact that there will be only one class - the proletariat. This means the problem of class antagonism that has so bloodied history would be over. After explaining how history has progressed and contrasting earlier epochs with the 19th century, the manifesto goes into a compelling critique of capitalist society. Essentially it is said that capitalism has reduced all that is good and noble in the world to the mere accumulation of profit. People are no longer seen as people; they are simply machines to increase labor and thus increase capital. A person's worth is only measured by how much capital he can produce for the ruling bourgeoisie. This is an extremely convincing anti capitalist argument, but it doesn't quite hold up to modern standards. In our time, the proletariat is not exploited anywhere near as horribly as they were in Marx's time. We now have worker unions, worker's rights, shorter workdays, labor limits, laws preventing child labor, safety regulations, higher minimum wage, etc. This was apparently not the case in 1847. One of Marx's biggest problems with capitalism was that only a small minority of bourgeoisie controlled all of the property, while the vast majority proletariat had nothing even though they do all the work. This is not the case today, where most people in industrialized societies have plenty of property for themselves. To me, this is the major reason why The Communist Manifesto does not hold up to modern times (but it couldn't be expected to). The next part (chapter II) of the manifesto is Marx's illustration of an economic system where all are equals and no one's labor is exploited for the profits of others - communism. I do not have the requisite understanding of economics to say how viable or nonviable communism is compared with capitalism or socialism. I will say that Marx does make communism sound quite appealing. As said earlier, there are no classes in communism so everyone is equal. Labor is not performed simply for profit of a few but for the benefit of all. There is no government controlling what is done in society; the people rule themselves and perform based on the needs of all. The main argument I hear against this system is that with no private property to obtain, there is no incentive to work. Marx counters this by saying the proletariat never had any property to begin with and yet they still worked. Communism is a very utopian idea where everyone works together for the equal good of everyone, no one benefiting more than any other. I don't know how viable this can possibly be seeing as how history has given us no example where someone does not try to take power in order to exploit the weak. In fact, this is exactly what we've seen with the regimes in the 20th century that tried to implement a communist economy - far from a society with no ruling class, they become totalitarian regimes with only a few controlling all the property - exactly what Marx criticised about capitalism. Again, I will leave it to the economists to discuss the most viable economic systems. Next (chapter III) comes Marx's brief outline and critique of other socialist literature. I did not take away much from this section as it seems that Marx took it as a given that his readers would already be familiar with these various positions, and went straight into the critique without actually explaining what it was he was critiquing. You can somewhat figure out the positions simply based on the critique, but, as mentioned, the critiques are brief and I was still left somewhat lost. A comparison would be reading 19th century critiques of opposing theories to biological evolution without ever having heard of these opposing theories due to evolution being the only accepted theory in our time. This is not so much a knock on the manifesto, since Marx was clearly writing for his contemporaries, but even so things like this throughout the book take away some enjoyment and add confusion. Chapter IV, the last chapter, is a very short annunciation of the relationship of communism to other movements in various countries, ending with a vigorating call to arms for the working class. I give the manifesto three stars for two reasons: one being that, as mentioned before, many of the critiques of capitalism do not hold much weight 150+ years later, reducing the manifesto's economic value to merely that of historical significance. The second reason being that even the historical significance will be reduced if the reader does not have at least moderate knowledge of European history, particularly that of the 17th and 18th centuries. In fact, the first time I read the manifesto I wasn't able to take much of anything away from it. I read it a second time after I took four college economics classes and a few history classes and was able to comprehend about 80% of it. Despite these complaints, it is still highly recommended. "All fixed, fast-frozen relations, with their train of ancient and venerable prejudices and opinions, are swept away; all new-formed ones become antiquated before they can ossify. All that is solid melts into air, all that is holy is profaned, and man is at last compelled to face with sober senses his real conditions of life and his relations with his kind."Highly Recommend "A specter is haunting Europethe specter of Communism." PROs: * One of the most influential books of all time that changed the world * Unique view of how history has progressed * Compelling critique of capitalism * Introduces a completely novel economic system CONs: * Many of the complaints lodged against capitalism do not hold nearly as much weight now * Hard to fully comprehend without a pretty good understanding of European history and economic history "The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles. Freeman and slave, patrician and plebeian, lord and serf, guildmaster and journeyman, in a word, oppressor and oppressed." The Communist Manifesto covers a very large amount of information in a very short amount of time. This inevitably means that the statements made are not fully supported, but this is not the point of a manifesto, the purpose of which is to powerfully and coherently state a set of goals for a particular party. I think the first part of the manifesto was the most interesting. In it a unique (but brief) evaluation of history is given, with Marx's famous "class struggle" statement. It is concluded that all antagonisms and conflicts in history have their root in class warfare (nobleman and serf, freeman and slave, etc.) Up until Marx's time, each epoch in history had many different classes, and each time a lower classes would rebel against the upper class minority, the only thing accomplished would be a reconstructed class system with the same root problem. Marx says that in the 19th century, we have the opportunity to completely do away with the class system altogether due to the fact that this is the only time in history where the classes are so distinct: the proletariat (working class majority) and the bourgeoisie (minority that controls most of the capital due to the labor of the working class). Marx says that if the proletariat is able to overthrow the corrupt and exploitative bourgeoisie, unlike all earlier revolutions, there will be a complete transformation in society rather than simply a new reorganization due to the fact that there will be only one class - the proletariat. This means the problem of class antagonism that has so bloodied history would be over. After explaining how history has progressed and contrasting earlier epochs with the 19th century, the manifesto goes into a compelling critique of capitalist society. Essentially it is said that capitalism has reduced all that is good and noble in the world to the mere accumulation of profit. People are no longer seen as people; they are simply machines to increase labor and thus increase capital. A person's worth is only measured by how much capital he can produce for the ruling bourgeoisie. This is an extremely convincing anti capitalist argument, but it doesn't quite hold up to modern standards. In our time, the proletariat is not exploited anywhere near as horribly as they were in Marx's time. We now have worker unions, worker's rights, shorter workdays, labor limits, laws preventing child labor, safety regulations, higher minimum wage, etc. This was apparently not the case in 1847. One of Marx's biggest problems with capitalism was that only a small minority of bourgeoisie controlled all of the property, while the vast majority proletariat had nothing even though they do all the work. This is not the case today, where most people in industrialized societies have plenty of property for themselves. To me, this is the major reason why The Communist Manifesto does not hold up to modern times (but it couldn't be expected to). The next part (chapter II) of the manifesto is Marx's illustration of an economic system where all are equals and no one's labor is exploited for the profits of others - communism. I do not have the requisite understanding of economics to say how viable or nonviable communism is compared with capitalism or socialism. I will say that Marx does make communism sound quite appealing. As said earlier, there are no classes in communism so everyone is equal. Labor is not performed simply for profit of a few but for the benefit of all. There is no government controlling what is done in society; the people rule themselves and perform based on the needs of all. The main argument I hear against this system is that with no private property to obtain, there is no incentive to work. Marx counters this by saying the proletariat never had any property to begin with and yet they still worked. Communism is a very utopian idea where everyone works together for the equal good of everyone, no one benefiting more than any other. I don't know how viable this can possibly be seeing as how history has given us no example where someone does not try to take power in order to exploit the weak. In fact, this is exactly what we've seen with the regimes in the 20th century that tried to implement a communist economy - far from a society with no ruling class, they become totalitarian regimes with only a few controlling all the property - exactly what Marx criticised about capitalism. Again, I will leave it to the economists to discuss the most viable economic systems. Next (chapter III) comes Marx's brief outline and critique of other socialist literature. I did not take away much from this section as it seems that Marx took it as a given that his readers would already be familiar with these various positions, and went straight into the critique without actually explaining what it was he was critiquing. You can somewhat figure out the positions simply based on the critique, but, as mentioned, the critiques are brief and I was still left somewhat lost. A comparison would be reading 19th century critiques of opposing theories to biological evolution without ever having heard of these opposing theories due to evolution being the only accepted theory in our time. This is not so much a knock on the manifesto, since Marx was clearly writing for his contemporaries, but even so things like this throughout the book take away some enjoyment and add confusion. Chapter IV, the last chapter, is a very short annunciation of the relationship of communism to other movements in various countries, ending with a vigorating call to arms for the working class. I give the manifesto three stars for two reasons: one being that, as mentioned before, many of the critiques of capitalism do not hold much weight 150+ years later, reducing the manifesto's economic value to merely that of historical significance. The second reason being that even the historical significance will be reduced if the reader does not have at least moderate knowledge of European history, particularly that of the 17th and 18th centuries. In fact, the first time I read the manifesto I wasn't able to take much of anything away from it. I read it a second time after I took four college economics classes and a few history classes and was able to comprehend about 80% of it. Despite these complaints, it is still highly recommended. "All fixed, fast-frozen relations, with their train of ancient and venerable prejudices and opinions, are swept away; all new-formed ones become antiquated before they can ossify. All that is solid melts into air, all that is holy is profaned, and man is at last compelled to face with sober senses his real conditions of life and his relations with his kind."Highly Recommend "A specter is haunting Europethe specter of Communism." PROs: * One of the most influential books of all time that changed the world * Unique view of how history has progressed * Compelling critique of capitalism * Introduces a completely novel economic system CONs: * Many of the complaints lodged against capitalism do not hold nearly as much weight now * Hard to fully comprehend without a pretty good understanding of European history and economic history "The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles. Freeman and slave, patrician and plebeian, lord and serf, guildmaster and journeyman, in a word, oppressor and oppressed." The Communist Manifesto covers a very large amount of information in a very short amount of time. This inevitably means that the statements made are not fully supported, but this is not the point of a manifesto, the purpose of which is to powerfully and coherently state a set of goals for a particular party. I think the first part of the manifesto was the most interesting. In it a unique (but brief) evaluation of history is given, with Marx's famous "class struggle" statement. It is concluded that all antagonisms and conflicts in history have their root in class warfare (nobleman and serf, freeman and slave, etc.) Up until Marx's time, each epoch in history had many different classes, and each time a lower classes would rebel against the upper class minority, the only thing accomplished would be a reconstructed class system with the same root problem. Marx says that in the 19th century, we have the opportunity to completely do away with the class system altogether due to the fact that this is the only time in history where the classes are so distinct: the proletariat (working class majority) and the bourgeoisie (minority that controls most of the capital due to the labor of the working class). Marx says that if the proletariat is able to overthrow the corrupt and exploitative bourgeoisie, unlike all earlier revolutions, there will be a complete transformation in society rather than simply a new reorganization due to the fact that there will be only one class - the proletariat. This means the problem of class antagonism that has so bloodied history would be over. After explaining how history has progressed and contrasting earlier epochs with the 19th century, the manifesto goes into a compelling critique of capitalist society. Essentially it is said that capitalism has reduced all that is good and noble in the world to the mere accumulation of profit. People are no longer seen as people; they are simply machines to increase labor and thus increase capital. A person's worth is only measured by how much capital he can produce for the ruling bourgeoisie. This is an extremely convincing anti capitalist argument, but it doesn't quite hold up to modern standards. In our time, the proletariat is not exploited anywhere near as horribly as they were in Marx's time. We now have worker unions, worker's rights, shorter workdays, labor limits, laws preventing child labor, safety regulations, higher minimum wage, etc. This was apparently not the case in 1847. One of Marx's biggest problems with capitalism was that only a small minority of bourgeoisie controlled all of the property, while the vast majority proletariat had nothing even though they do all the work. This is not the case today, where most people in industrialized societies have plenty of property for themselves. To me, this is the major reason why The Communist Manifesto does not hold up to modern times (but it couldn't be expected to). The next part (chapter II) of the manifesto is Marx's illustration of an economic system where all are equals and no one's labor is exploited for the profits of others - communism. I do not have the requisite understanding of economics to say how viable or nonviable communism is compared with capitalism or socialism. I will say that Marx does make communism sound quite appealing. As said earlier, there are no classes in communism so everyone is equal. Labor is not performed simply for profit of a few but for the benefit of all. There is no government controlling what is done in society; the people rule themselves and perform based on the needs of all. The main argument I hear against this system is that with no private property to obtain, there is no incentive to work. Marx counters this by saying the proletariat never had any property to begin with and yet they still worked. Communism is a very utopian idea where everyone works together for the equal good of everyone, no one benefiting more than any other. I don't know how viable this can possibly be seeing as how history has given us no example where someone does not try to take power in order to exploit the weak. In fact, this is exactly what we've seen with the regimes in the 20th century that tried to implement a communist economy - far from a society with no ruling class, they become totalitarian regimes with only a few controlling all the property - exactly what Marx criticised about capitalism. Again, I will leave it to the economists to discuss the most viable economic systems. Next (chapter III) comes Marx's brief outline and critique of other socialist literature. I did not take away much from this section as it seems that Marx took it as a given that his readers would already be familiar with these various positions, and went straight into the critique without actually explaining what it was he was critiquing. You can somewhat figure out the positions simply based on the critique, but, as mentioned, the critiques are brief and I was still left somewhat lost. A comparison would be reading 19th century critiques of opposing theories to biological evolution without ever having heard of these opposing theories due to evolution being the only accepted theory in our time. This is not so much a knock on the manifesto, since Marx was clearly writing for his contemporaries, but even so things like this throughout the book take away some enjoyment and add confusion. Chapter IV, the last chapter, is a very short annunciation of the relationship of communism to other movements in various countries, ending with a vigorating call to arms for the working class. I give the manifesto three stars for two reasons: one being that, as mentioned before, many of the critiques of capitalism do not hold much weight 150+ years later, reducing the manifesto's economic value to merely that of historical significance. The second reason being that even the historical significance will be reduced if the reader does not have at least moderate knowledge of European history, particularly that of the 17th and 18th centuries. In fact, the first time I read the manifesto I wasn't able to take much of anything away from it. I read it a second time after I took four college economics classes and a few history classes and was able to comprehend about 80% of it. Despite these complaints, it is still highly recommended. "All fixed, fast-frozen relations, with their train of ancient and venerable prejudices and opinions, are swept away; all new-formed ones become antiquated before they can ossify. All that is solid melts into air, all that is holy is profaned, and man is at last compelled to face with sober senses his real conditions of life and his relations with his kind."Highly Recommended "A specter is haunting Europethe specter of Communism." PROs: * One of the most influential books of all time that changed the world * Unique view of how history has progressed * Compelling critique of capitalism * Introduces a completely novel economic system CONs: * Many of the complaints lodged against capitalism do not hold nearly as much weight now * Hard to fully comprehend without a pretty good understanding of European history and economic history "The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles. Freeman and slave, patrician and plebeian, lord and serf, guildmaster and journeyman, in a word, oppressor and oppressed." The Communist Manifesto covers a very large amount of information in a very short amount of time. This inevitably means that the statements made are not fully supported, but this is not the point of a manifesto, the purpose of which is to powerfully and coherently state a set of goals for a particular party. I think the first part of the manifesto was the most interesting. In it a unique (but brief) evaluation of history is given, with Marx's famous "class struggle" statement. It is concluded that all antagonisms and conflicts in history have their root in class warfare (nobleman and serf, freeman and slave, etc.) Up until Marx's time, each epoch in history had many different classes, and each time a lower classes would rebel against the upper class minority, the only thing accomplished would be a reconstructed class system with the same root problem. Marx says that in the 19th century, we have the opportunity to completely do away with the class system altogether due to the fact that this is the only time in history where the classes are so distinct: the proletariat (working class majority) and the bourgeoisie (minority that controls most of the capital due to the labor of the working class). Marx says that if the proletariat is able to overthrow the corrupt and exploitative bourgeoisie, unlike all earlier revolutions, there will be a complete transformation in society rather than simply a new reorganization due to the fact that there will be only one class - the proletariat. This means the problem of class antagonism that has so bloodied history would be over. After explaining how history has progressed and contrasting earlier epochs with the 19th century, the manifesto goes into a compelling critique of capitalist society. Essentially it is said that capitalism has reduced all that is good and noble in the world to the mere accumulation of profit. People are no longer seen as people; they are simply machines to increase labor and thus increase capital. A person's worth is only measured by how much capital he can produce for the ruling bourgeoisie. This is an extremely convincing anti capitalist argument, but it doesn't quite hold up to modern standards. In our time, the proletariat is not exploited anywhere near as horribly as they were in Marx's time. We now have worker unions, worker's rights, shorter workdays, labor limits, laws preventing child labor, safety regulations, higher minimum wage, etc. This was apparently not the case in 1847. One of Marx's biggest problems with capitalism was that only a small minority of bourgeoisie controlled all of the property, while the vast majority proletariat had nothing even though they do all the work. This is not the case today, where most people in industrialized societies have plenty of property for themselves. To me, this is the major reason why The Communist Manifesto does not hold up to modern times (but it couldn't be expected to). The next part (chapter II) of the manifesto is Marx's illustration of an economic system where all are equals and no one's labor is exploited for the profits of others - communism. I do not have the requisite understanding of economics to say how viable or nonviable communism is compared with capitalism or socialism. I will say that Marx does make communism sound quite appealing. As said earlier, there are no classes in communism so everyone is equal. Labor is not performed simply for profit of a few but for the benefit of all. There is no government controlling what is done in society; the people rule themselves and perform based on the needs of all. The main argument I hear against this system is that with no private property to obtain, there is no incentive to work. Marx counters this by saying the proletariat never had any property to begin with and yet they still worked. Communism is a very utopian idea where everyone works together for the equal good of everyone, no one benefiting more than any other. I don't know how viable this can possibly be seeing as how history has given us no example where someone does not try to take power in order to exploit the weak. In fact, this is exactly what we've seen with the regimes in the 20th century that tried to implement a communist economy - far from a society with no ruling class, they become totalitarian regimes with only a few controlling all the property - exactly what Marx criticised about capitalism. Again, I will leave it to the economists to discuss the most viable economic systems. Next (chapter III) comes Marx's brief outline and critique of other socialist literature. I did not take away much from this section as it seems that Marx took it as a given that his readers would already be familiar with these various positions, and went straight into the critique without actually explaining what it was he was critiquing. You can somewhat figure out the positions simply based on the critique, but, as mentioned, the critiques are brief and I was still left somewhat lost. A comparison would be reading 19th century critiques of opposing theories to biological evolution without ever having heard of these opposing theories due to evolution being the only accepted theory in our time. This is not so much a knock on the manifesto, since Marx was clearly writing for his contemporaries, but even so things like this throughout the book take away some enjoyment and add confusion. Chapter IV, the last chapter, is a very short annunciation of the relationship of communism to other movements in various countries, ending with a vigorating call to arms for the working class. I give the manifesto three stars for two reasons: one being that, as mentioned before, many of the critiques of capitalism do not hold much weight 150+ years later, reducing the manifesto's economic value to merely that of historical significance. The second reason being that even the historical significance will be reduced if the reader does not have at least moderate knowledge of European history, particularly that of the 17th and 18th centuries. In fact, the first time I read the manifesto I wasn't able to take much of anything away from it. I read it a second time after I took four college economics classes and a few history classes and was able to comprehend about 80% of it. Despite these complaints, it is still highly recommended. "All fixed, fast-frozen relations, with their train of ancient and venerable prejudices and opinions, are swept away; all new-formed ones become antiquated before they can ossify. All that is solid melts into air, all that is holy is profaned, and man is at last compelled to face with sober senses his real conditions of life and his relations with his kind."Highly Recommend "A specter is haunting Europethe specter of Communism." PROs: * One of the most influential books of all time that changed the world * Unique view of how history has progressed * Compelling critique of capitalism * Introduces a completely novel economic system CONs: * Many of the complaints lodged against capitalism do not hold nearly as much weight now * Hard to fully comprehend without a pretty good understanding of European history and economic history "The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles. Freeman and slave, patrician and plebeian, lord and serf, guildmaster and journeyman, in a word, oppressor and oppressed." The Communist Manifesto covers a very large amount of information in a very short amount of time. This inevitably means that the statements made are not fully supported, but this is not the point of a manifesto, the purpose of which is to powerfully and coherently state a set of goals for a particular party. I think the first part of the manifesto was the most interesting. In it a unique (but brief) evaluation of history is given, with Marx's famous "class struggle" statement. It is concluded that all antagonisms and conflicts in history have their root in class warfare (nobleman and serf, freeman and slave, etc.) Up until Marx's time, each epoch in history had many different classes, and each time a lower classes would rebel against the upper class minority, the only thing accomplished would be a reconstructed class system with the same root problem. Marx says that in the 19th century, we have the opportunity to completely do away with the class system altogether due to the fact that this is the only time in history where the classes are so distinct: the proletariat (working class majority) and the bourgeoisie (minority that controls most of the capital due to the labor of the working class). Marx says that if the proletariat is able to overthrow the corrupt and exploitative bourgeoisie, unlike all earlier revolutions, there will be a complete transformation in society rather than simply a new reorganization due to the fact that there will be only one class - the proletariat. This means the problem of class antagonism that has so bloodied history would be over. After explaining how history has progressed and contrasting earlier epochs with the 19th century, the manifesto goes into a compelling critique of capitalist society. Essentially it is said that capitalism has reduced all that is good and noble in the world to the mere accumulation of profit. People are no longer seen as people; they are simply machines to increase labor and thus increase capital. A person's worth is only measured by how much capital he can produce for the ruling bourgeoisie. This is an extremely convincing anti capitalist argument, but it doesn't quite hold up to modern standards. In our time, the proletariat is not exploited anywhere near as horribly as they were in Marx's time. We now have worker unions, worker's rights, shorter workdays, labor limits, laws preventing child labor, safety regulations, higher minimum wage, etc. This was apparently not the case in 1847. One of Marx's biggest problems with capitalism was that only a small minority of bourgeoisie controlled all of the property, while the vast majority proletariat had nothing even though they do all the work. This is not the case today, where most people in industrialized societies have plenty of property for themselves. To me, this is the major reason why The Communist Manifesto does not hold up to modern times (but it couldn't be expected to). The next part (chapter II) of the manifesto is Marx's illustration of an economic system where all are equals and no one's labor is exploited for the profits of others - communism. I do not have the requisite understanding of economics to say how viable or nonviable communism is compared with capitalism or socialism. I will say that Marx does make communism sound quite appealing. As said earlier, there are no classes in communism so everyone is equal. Labor is not performed simply for profit of a few but for the benefit of all. There is no government controlling what is done in society; the people rule themselves and perform based on the needs of all. The main argument I hear against this system is that with no private property to obtain, there is no incentive to work. Marx counters this by saying the proletariat never had any property to begin with and yet they still worked. Communism is a very utopian idea where everyone works together for the equal good of everyone, no one benefiting more than any other. I don't know how viable this can possibly be seeing as how history has given us no example where someone does not try to take power in order to exploit the weak. In fact, this is exactly what we've seen with the regimes in the 20th century that tried to implement a communist economy - far from a society with no ruling class, they become totalitarian regimes with only a few controlling all the property - exactly what Marx criticised about capitalism. Again, I will leave it to the economists to discuss the most viable economic systems. Next (chapter III) comes Marx's brief outline and critique of other socialist literature. I did not take away much from this section as it seems that Marx took it as a given that his readers would already be familiar with these various positions, and went straight into the critique without actually explaining what it was he was critiquing. You can somewhat figure out the positions simply based on the critique, but, as mentioned, the critiques are brief and I was still left somewhat lost. A comparison would be reading 19th century critiques of opposing theories to biological evolution without ever having heard of these opposing theories due to evolution being the only accepted theory in our time. This is not so much a knock on the manifesto, since Marx was clearly writing for his contemporaries, but even so things like this throughout the book take away some enjoyment and add confusion. Chapter IV, the last chapter, is a very short annunciation of the relationship of communism to other movements in various countries, ending with a vigorating call to arms for the working class. I give the manifesto three stars for two reasons: one being that, as mentioned before, many of the critiques of capitalism do not hold much weight 150+ years later, reducing the manifesto's economic value to merely that of historical significance. The second reason being that even the historical significance will be reduced if the reader does not have at least moderate knowledge of European history, particularly that of the 17th and 18th centuries. In fact, the first time I read the manifesto I wasn't able to take much of anything away from it. I read it a second time after I took four college economics classes and a few history classes and was able to comprehend about 80% of it. Despite these complaints, it is still highly recommended. "All fixed, fast-frozen relations, with their train of ancient and venerable prejudices and opinions, are swept away; all new-formed ones become antiquated before they can ossify. All that is solid melts into air, all that is holy is profaned, and man is at last compelled to face with sober senses his real conditions of life and his relations with his kind."Interesting "A specter is haunting Europe--the specter of Communism." PROs: * One of the most influential books of all time that changed the world * Unique view of how history has progressed * Compelling critique of capitalism * Introduces a completely novel economic system CONs: * Many of the complaints lodged against capitalism do not hold nearly as much weight now * Hard to fully comprehend without a pretty good understanding of European history and economic history "The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles. Freeman and slave, patrician and plebeian, lord and serf, guildmaster and journeyman, in a word, oppressor and oppressed." The Communist Manifesto covers a very large amount of information in a very short amount of time. This inevitably means that the statements made are not fully supported, but this is not the point of a manifesto, the purpose of which is to powerfully and coherently state a set of goals for a particular party. I think the first part of the manifesto was the most interesting. In it a unique (but brief) evaluation of history is given, with Marx's famous "class struggle" statement. It is concluded that all antagonisms and conflicts in history have their root in class warfare (nobleman and serf, freeman and slave, etc.) Up until Marx's time, each epoch in history had many different classes, and each time a lower classes would rebel against the upper class minority, the only thing accomplished would be a reconstructed class system with the same root problem. Marx says that in the 19th century, we have the opportunity to completely do away with the class system altogether due to the fact that this is the only time in history where the classes are so distinct: the proletariat (working class majority) and the bourgeoisie (minority that controls most of the capital due to the labor of the working class). Marx says that if the proletariat is able to overthrow the corrupt and exploitative bourgeoisie, unlike all earlier revolutions, there will be a complete transformation in society rather than simply a new reorganization due to the fact that there will be only one class - the proletariat. This means the problem of class antagonism that has so bloodied history would be over. After explaining how history has progressed and contrasting earlier epochs with the 19th century, the manifesto goes into a compelling critique of capitalist society. Essentially it is said that capitalism has reduced all that is good and noble in the world to the mere accumulation of profit. People are no longer seen as people; they are simply machines to increase labor and thus increase capital. A person's worth is only measured by how much capital he can produce for the ruling bourgeoisie. This is an extremely convincing anti capitalist argument, but it doesn't quite hold up to modern standards. In our time, the proletariat is not exploited anywhere near as horribly as they were in Marx's time. We now have worker unions, worker's rights, shorter workdays, labor limits, laws preventing child labor, safety regulations, higher minimum wage, etc. This was apparently not the case in 1847. One of Marx's biggest problems with capitalism was that only a small minority of bourgeoisie controlled all of the property, while the vast majority proletariat had nothing even though they do all the work. This is not the case today, where most people in industrialized societies have plenty of property for themselves. To me, this is the major reason why The Communist Manifesto does not hold up to modern times (but it couldn't be expected to). The next part (chapter II) of the manifesto is Marx's illustration of an economic system where all are equals and no one's labor is exploited for the profits of others - communism. I do not have the requisite understanding of economics to say how viable or nonviable communism is compared with capitalism or socialism. I will say that Marx does make communism sound quite appealing. As said earlier, there are no classes in communism so everyone is equal. Labor is not performed simply for profit of a few but for the benefit of all. There is no government controlling what is done in society; the people rule themselves and perform based on the needs of all. The main argument I hear against this system is that with no private property to obtain, there is no incentive to work. Marx counters this by saying the proletariat never had any property to begin with and yet they still worked. Communism is a very utopian idea where everyone works together for the equal good of everyone, no one benefiting more than any other. I don't know how viable this can possibly be seeing as how history has given us no example where someone does not try to take power in order to exploit the weak. In fact, this is exactly what we've seen with the regimes in the 20th century that tried to implement a communist economy - far from a society with no ruling class, they become totalitarian regimes with only a few controlling all the property - exactly what Marx criticised about capitalism. Again, I will leave it to the economists to discuss the most viable economic systems. Next (chapter III) comes Marx's brief outline and critique of other socialist literature. I did not take away much from this section as it seems that Marx took it as a given that his readers would already be familiar with these various positions, and went straight into the critique without actually explaining what it was he was critiquing. You can somewhat figure out the positions simply based on the critique, but, as mentioned, the critiques are brief and I was still left somewhat lost. A comparison would be reading 19th century critiques of opposing theories to biological evolution without ever having heard of these opposing theories due to evolution being the only accepted theory in our time. This is not so much a knock on the manifesto, since Marx was clearly writing for his contemporaries, but even so things like this throughout the book take away some enjoyment and add confusion. Chapter IV, the last chapter, is a very short annunciation of the relationship of communism to other movements in various countries, ending with a vigorating call to arms for the working class. I give the manifesto three stars for two reasons: one being that, as mentioned before, many of the critiques of capitalism do not hold much weight 150+ years later, reducing the manifesto's economic value to merely that of historical significance. The second reason being that even the historical significance will be reduced if the reader does not have at least moderate knowledge of European history, particularly that of the 17th and 18th centuries. In fact, the first time I read the manifesto I wasn't able to take much of anything away from it. I read it a second time after I took four college economics classes and a few history classes and was able to comprehend about 80% of it. Despite these complaints, it is still highly recommended. "All fixed, fast-frozen relations, with their train of ancient and venerable prejudices and opinions, are swept away; all new-formed ones become antiquated before they can ossify. All that is solid melts into air, all that is holy is profaned, and man is at last compelled to face with sober senses his real conditions of life and his relations with his kind."
As History or As a Book? If one looks at this book as a work that altered history, then one would have to say it is a great book. Not many can say they wrote a book that had a profound affect on human existence. However, if one is reviewing it as a literary work by an author, one would have to recognize that the writer of the book forgets his premise is flawed and proven over and over through history that communism just won't work as an economic policy or social philosophy. To fail to recognize the historical record is lacking a certain personal quality, to say the least. Today, a book like this would not likely be accepted for publication unless a clear and unique reason was given as to why this model of economy would work when others nearly identical did not. But then again, it only took one person using the book like a manual to make a difference on a global scale. The effects of which we still see today.
Disappointing I picked up this book fully expecting to love it. I'm a fan of Katie MacAlister's Dark Ones, which have been compared to Lynsay Sands, so I thought I'd try it. I was disappointed. My main problem was the world--I tend to be a classicist when it comes to the paranormal, and I just couldn't buy into her premise. Otherwise, the book was fine, but I opted not to continue the series.
Take me, I'm yours I've read all three of J.L. Langley's "without" books and I enjoyed all of them; With Caution though I was not as focused on the "abused", "Love my Brother" story (I do like kids, I just thought this one was a bit annoying). And this thirst for Dominance was a bit awkward for me - "You Mine" "yes sir"
Not nearly as good as the other Highlands'Lairds books. Powerful angry laird meets beautiful willful woman. She learns to love him but he is afraid of his feelings & thinks that loving her will make him weak. Sane basic plot as the other two - - but this one was so drawn out. Sorry I purchased it.
Not near as good as the movie The movie version of this book is one of my favorites, and I have seen it at least a dozen or more times without dissapointment. However, I found the book rather boring and lackluster when comparing the two. It seemed to begin somewhere in the middle of an undefined plot (plot??) and worked it's way to the end, which I must admit was surprising. Usually the book is better than the movie, but in this case the reverse is true. If you've seen the movie, don't expect to find any similarity between the two. I really found the book to be a little confusing and boring. The only thing I recognized was the giant robot (named Gnut instead of Gort). I was disappointed.
Great series I enjoyed the first two in this series but this one was a bit all over the place. I really enjoy this authors writing but this book didn't have the engaging plot or steak the others did. It was an okay read
Hmmm. I read this book a couple of months ago and I wouldn't have finished it if it was not interesting. However when I think back on a John Grissom book, I remember almost every story and plot. I gave this book thre stars because I had to really think what the book was about. Once remembered, it was a good read and entertaining. I would recommend this book but there are few books in between super star writers.
One huge chapter The events of "Ylesia" take place during "Destiny's Way." If you've read "Destiny's Way," you will see it mentioned in passing. Jaina and Jacen go to Ylesia to fight the Peace Brigade to show them that it's not good to align themselves with the enemy. From there, it is page after page of battle scenes. It is endless. One huge chapter. It's like the chapter that was cut out for good reason. "Ylesia" doesn't advance "Destiny's Way" or "The New Jedi Order" in any way that I could tell. We don't learn anything new. There is no insight. If I had skipped it, I wouldn't have missed anything. If you don't mind reading in PDF, "Ylesia" is available free from Del Rey. If you Google, you'll see it linked to the Wayback machine and it's still there.Not a necessary read, but I liked it I have a version of "Star by Star" that does not include the novella "Recovery," so I downloaded this book onto my Fire. "Recovery" tells of Leia's recovery after she was nearly killed in "Balance Point." If it was meant to tell the story of the healing of Han and Leia's relationship, it surely failed. There was far too much action to attempt much more than a few brief moments or reconciliation. They have a deeper understanding of each other but not much time to work on it. Is it a necessary read? Not really. I could have skipped it (I actually did) and not miss much. It felt like the extraneous part of a book that had been edited out, like in the DVD's, where it's billed as the extras. People pay to see those extras. I did. It was worth it, but probably not to everyone.
Disappointing--not one of her best I have read ALL of her books. Scottoline is one of my favorite authors. This book started slow and I almost gave up on it. To be honest, a vendetta between two old Italian men is not what I want to read about. This novel has a lot of flashbacks to the vendetta story, regarding past injuries and injustices and the current situation involving the killing of one of the protagonists. I gave this book a chance because I wanted to read a story with Judy Carrier as the main character. If you've read any of the author's previous works, you know who Judy is. In this book, we learn a little more--particularly about her work ethic. Judy seems to work more hours than there are in one day. She works almost exclusively on this one case and she's not getting paid for it although she racks up some pretty hefty expenses. There are a lot of loose ends here and a lot of items introduced but, never explained. For example, there is a character named Murphy in Judy's office mentioned a couple of times as a "sidebar" and then the conflict between the two characters is never mentioned again. The only character we really learn a lot about is Pigeon Tony. I mention that because that's what I really missed the most in this book--the strong characterizations from her previous works. This is still an interesting read. She's a good writer and there's lot of action here but, just not one of this author's best.
Not up to par compared with past novels I found this over wordly, chuck full of foreign (Jewish) words and phrases which with I feel most people would not be familiar and I did not feel added anything to the story. The plot is somewhat interesting but not gripping. I have read many of Faye Kellerman's novels, and this just did not meet my expectations.
The start of the series The first part of this book dragged a little, but by the end has the reader interested in this new world of vampires, or immortals as they like being called. Definately worth reading, then go one to the rest of this awesome series.
Three Stars Great deal for the price
Appealing space opera Originally posted at FanLit. "Of course we didn't do autopsies. We know exactly what killed them -- I killed them!" Kylara Vatta, daughter of the head of the most prestigious shipping empire in the universe, didn't want to follow in her family's footsteps -- trading is boring and Ky wants adventure and her own life outside of her family's control. So she opted for a military career. But with only a few months left in the officer's academy, she was set-up, betrayed, kicked out, and publicly shamed. When she returns home in disgrace, Vatta Transport is happy to have her back in the fold. Her first assignment is to captain a derelict spaceship straight to the junkyard, but Ky has Vatta blood in her veins and can't pass up an advantageous business opportunity that arises unexpectedly. When this leads her into various forms of danger, and when scammers and mutineers think they can take advantage of the young and inexperienced captain, Ky finds that her time spent in the military academy wasn't wasted after all. Trading in Danger is the first installment of Elizabeth Moon's VATTA'S WAR military science fiction epic. I don't think this series will appeal to everybody, but it happened to hit a sweet spot for me. I like Kylara Vatta, an intelligent ethical rules-bound military officer with a soft heart who, due to her new circumstances, is beginning to discover that she has a rebellious streak, not to mention a disconcerting appreciation for quickly solving problems with violence. Ky is a little passive and occasionally bewildered in this installment, but this is her first adventure. I'm assuming that Moon plans to show us some growth in this area as Ky begins to adapt to her new lifestyle. Kylara's crew and family members are also likeable -- especially elderly Aunt Grace who bakes unappetizing but invaluable fruitcakes. The plot is engaging, unpredictable and mostly quick-moving though some of the dialog gets repetitive as Ky explains what's going on to multiple characters who show up at different times. I enjoyed the focus on transportation, though this may be a personal thing. My husband runs a small freight logistics company, so there's a lot of talk about contracts, cargo, carriers and consignees in my little world, and I was fascinated by how this might scale up to apply to an entire universe. Surprisingly, this was one of my favorite aspects of the story but, again, that's just me. (It would be such an awful pun to say "your mileage may vary" so I won't.) Trading in Danger is "soft" science fiction, or "space opera" -- it's a little fluffy, focusing on drama and political intrigue, not physics. There's talk about FTL drives and ansibles (there's a nod to Ursula K. LeGuin), but no explanation of how they work. I love physics but have to admit that I get bored by long dry theoretical or technical discussions of astrophysics and quantum mechanics. Trading in Danger is a quick and easy read for when you're in the mood for some non-challenging science fiction. It ends on an intriguing note -- Ky has some difficult choices to make about her relationship to her family business. Should she stay with Vatta or go rogue? Whatever, I'm still on board and ready for the ride. I'm listening to VATTA'S WAR in audio format. These were produced in 2008 by Tantor Audio and are read by Cynthia Holloway who does a nice job. I like her voice and she inflects the narrative perfectly (though she always mispronounces the word "peripheral"). I recommend the audio version.
Fast read, entertaining, like a 1930s Western movie A good, solid Western - yes, a little contrived and predictable, but I enjoyed it the same way I enjoy those old Republic "B" Westerns. It was a fun read, and I like the writing style as well as the author's use of language. I plan to read more Max Brand books, because they are entertaining without a lot of emotional investment. Sort of like a "cozy mystery" - there's a place for just about everything!
It was okay... I downloaded this as a Kindle freebie and since it was short, I read it in between other books in my TBR list. It was just okay on all counts - as erotica, it was passable; the plot wasn't exciting, but I did make it through to the end (although there wasn't really a burning need to); the characterization was okay - if the author had fleshed out her characters more, and improved the dialogue, it would've made a better book. There was some heat to it, and some of it was written pretty well, so that helped move the story along a little more than it would have otherwise. Since I did finish it to the end, and didn't hate it, I rated it as a 2.5, rounded up to 3.Great shorter stories, good bundle value Lori Foster is hit or miss for me, but usually does an excellent job with shorter stories and anthologies. She's able to make her characters come to life, even with the shorter word count, and can maintain the pacing, tension, and sizzle. These books are all part of her earlier work and are surprisingly good. I like the "alpha", protective aspects of the brothers, and the way they take care of those they love. This bundle is a great value. Enjoy!
Sorrow, regrets and resignation -- not a mood I want to wallow in This 2007 Irish novel has won all kinds of accolades, including the Man Booker Prize. That's why I was interested. And that's why I was disappointed as well. The story is set in modern Ireland and narrated in the first person by Veronica, one of 12 adult siblings whose brother has just committed suicide. This is a sad and haunting story of seriously dysfunctional family and I found myself sorry for all of them and yet understanding that it couldn't be any other way. The author is skilled. She uses her words well. She is full of sorrow and regrets and resignation. The book is only 260 pages long and a quick read but I was tempted to just stop reading several times. I definitely applaud her skill in setting a mood. But this is not a mood I want to wallow in and I was glad the book finally ended. There is no way I can recommend this book.
A light tale A vampire who faints at the sight of blood! How original of Sands.
Reader no a writer Damn good writer. Must read for action. Read the book and write your own review of at least 20 words. Plenty more books to buy here. Repeated words don't count.
Too wordy. Normily I love long books but this one had too many things that I think should have been let out. For instance the chapters on Freud and Jung. The ending was so disappointing because the author left it up to the reader to decide what might have happened to Esther and Kkid which I find ridiculous. I would like a definite conclusion.
Three Stars It's good but I found difficult to navigate.
Not very inspiring Glad I read it but I sm at a loss to understand why it inspired a new political system.
Great book Great book . Loved it. Can't think of a better read I've had in a long time. Buy this bok
Has definite problems... The best thing I can say about this book was that they were a cute couple! (I liked her sassy personality even though she was too modern to be a regency heroine.) Other than that this book is poorly plotted and does not succeed as a fantasy novel. The fantasy world is boring, poorly thought out, and described - very unconvincing. This book had quite a few potentially interesting characters and all the plot elements so that it could have been quite good. Unfortunately, it never happened. Except in her most recent book, Mary Jo Putney does Regency Romances with fantasy MUCH better. My recommendation is to get this one from the Library.
The Mediterranean billionaires secret baby The book was okay but there could have been more showing of love after everything was explained. Maybe even that Anna got pregnant after they had sex that onetime
Just watch the movie instead All things considered, I think the 2002 movie adaptation tells Frank Abagnale's story better than Abagnale (with co-writer Stan Redding) does himself. Even setting aside the issue of whether the criminal prodigy is a reliable narrator, this autobiography feels a little too obsessed with bragging about his exploits -- as both a con artist and a womanizer -- with too little introspection or remorse for the people that he hurt. His confidence schemes are impressively audacious, but if you've already seen the movie version, you won't get much more out of reading this "true story."A sprawling generational novel I mostly enjoyed this sprawling look at three generations of a Dominican family possibly suffering under an inherited curse. I just didn't have much patience for the title character, who regularly develops crushes on girls, gets close to them as friends, and is then upset when they won't break up with their boyfriends to sleep with him. Luckily the parts about the rest of his family were much more engaging, particularly in detailing life under the dictator Rafael Trujillo. I also liked that the narrator was a huge nerd who kept referencing things like The Lord of the Rings and Stephen King's The Stand (although since these references are never explained in much detail, I could see this being a drawback to a reader who wasn't familiar with those properties). But it's hard to shake the feeling that this would have been a better story without Oscar in it.
Funny-Sad Growing up as a displaced Dominican in South Jersey sure didn't give Oscar any breaks and being very poor, obese and black were another 3 strikes against him. However, the story is well told, though in rather uneven prose. I enjoyed the poignant humor and the cultural clashes. But without being a spoiler, in the end this is not a happy tale. Caveat: the author puts in a tremendous amount of Spanish throughout. If I hadn't been a language major, I would have had trouble with it.
not very realistic, I'm skeptical This is the autobiography of Frank Abagnale, Jr. a con-man and counterfeiter who made millions passing fraudulent checks all around the world and, meanwhile, posed successfully as a Pan Am pilot, a pediatrician, and a lawyer. I enjoyed the movie based on this book so I hoped the book would be better. Although the book certainly provided more information about the scams and how he got away with it, Abagnale himself was much less charming in the book. He was too much of a womanizer and a...well...con-man. Emotions weren't expressed (other than relief at escaping one or another of his women), making it difficult to empathize with him. Also, the adult Abagnale (who took part in writing the book) didn't seem to feel much remorse about his activities. He rationalized: "I never conned a square John out of money," but ignores the emotional strain that he must have put on many of his victims. Also, I am a little skeptical of the "true" part of this "true crime" story. I believe that the basic idea is true, but there were just too many convenient coincidences for his story to be entirely accurate. He must have taken bits and pieces of different escapades and pasted them together into a unified story, and over-emphasized his own cleverness. Clearly, he's a genius, but I still would have liked a little more "oops, that was stupid" in his story. It would have humanized him. Not even a genius can be clever all the time!
I Could Have Done "Without" This Story I read the first story in this series and thoroughly enjoyed it. I went on a buying spree and got the other two as well as this short story. I suppose Laine's antics were meant to be comedic relief but I did not laugh not once. His antics were not funny. I did not buy Devlin being so amused by Laine's antics. I was shocked with how they resolved the conflict with Victor. I thought it was a weak plot point. This story was just ok. I wouldn't recommend anyone spending the money to buy it. If it were free, then yes.
Poorly Written Plausible Cons This first-person account by one the world's pioneering "paperhangers" (check counterfeiters) is moderately diverting, but eventually gets stale due to the repetitiveness of the author's adventures and the weak, cliche-ridden writing. In a nutshell, as a teenager and young man in the 1960s he passed himself off as a respectable professional (usually a Pan Am pilot) for the purposes of cashing bogus checks and living large off the results. It gets old reading about how he refined his scam this way or that and then partied with yet another lovely "fox" in this or that city. The book is more interesting when he passes himself in other professions (pediatrician, lawyer, sociology professor) and actually manages to bluff his way through actually practicing them for a short time. It's a testament to how anyone with good looks, an air of confidence in what they're doing, a keen sense of observation, and a bit of research can bluff their way through life, although it should be noted that many of his scams would not be nearly so easy in our contemporary world of computer record keeping and instantaneous data transfer. The veracity of his tale is hard to measure, certainly the whole books reeks of exaggeration, but the basic scams sound entirely plausible--whether he was able to pull them off as often or as easily as he makes out is hard to say. His after-the-fact self justifications mixed with his constant reminders that he only fleeced corporations, not honest individuals quickly get annoying. Abagnale does not write with a great deal of introspection either, he seems to have no motive for his crimes other than financing a luxurious lifestyle and getting his kicks. He never examines why he's driven in that way, although he obliquely blames his initial con jobs on the need to have extra cash to woo women properly. Women are perhaps the real losers in his cons, as he bounces from conquest to conquest in his attempt to live out some teenage fantasy, he breaks at least one heart that he tells of and likely many others. The result: "My dalliances, by and large, had all the permanency of rabbits' relationships, and about the same degree of satisfaction." The book would have benefited from an interweaving of the story of his persuit by the FBI (which is alluded to here and there, but never really fleshed out), and his ultimate transformation from criminal to FBI consultant. Indeed, it's a story that would be more interesting and complete coming from a neutral observer who could paint the whole picture.A Family's History of the Dominican Republic I loved Diaz's short story collection Drown, and like almost everyone else who read it, have been eagerly waiting years for his next book. Now, something like a decade later, Diaz brings a character from that collection (Yunior) back to narrate the family history of his Rutgers roommate Oscar (who is also the brother of Yunior's sometime girlfriend). This tale begins with Oscar's grandfather and ends up encompassing quite a bit of the modern history of the Dominican Republic. And although the story hopscotches back and forth in time and location quite a bit, Diaz has complete command of his narrative. To be fair, sometimes the story feels more like "A People's History of the Dominican Republic." than a novel about a geeky kid from New Jersey. Not that this is a bad thing -- Diaz manages to get at the political, economic, and psychological forces that brought so many Dominican immigrants to the U.S . over the last fifty years via captivating and dextrous prose. The dominant theme of this multigenerational story is the "fuku" (curse) Oscar's family lives under. (Of course, as Yunior points out, every Dominican family believes itself to be cursed by the fuku americanus, a curse brought by European colonialists which has turned the Caribbean Eden into a despotic prison to be escaped.)s The fuku first hits Oscar's grandfather, an upper-class doctor undone by the rise of the Trujillo thugocracy (equal to that of Saddam Hussein in horror inflicted on its subjects). His daughter (Oscar's mother) faces her own tragedy due to the fuku, and is the bridge between life in the D.R. and life in America, as she escapes to New York. Her children, Oscar and Lola, represent the generation born and bred in the U.S. -- both connected to, and apart from their Dominican heritage. The story thus enables Diaz to examine how nationality, culture, and language become more and more blended over generations (non-Spanish speakers should note that the book is full of untranslated Spanish words and phrases, which can be a little frustrating at times). The segments of the book set in the D.R. under the Trujillo regime tend to be a great deal more compelling than the contemporary storyline. The story of Oscar's mother's childhood and teen years are far more colorful and dramatic than the on-again, off-again romance between Yunior and Oscar's sister Lola, and are definitely more interesting than Oscar's own geeky problems. Fat, obsessive, and devoid of social skills, Oscar makes it hard for people (including the reader) to sympathize with him and his dual dreams of becoming the "Dominican Tolkein" and losing his virginity. The final section of the book, in which Oscar pursues love with the trademark oblivious obsession that has made him an outcast, is pretty much straightforward classical doomed love, and thus the least interesting and convincing. The overall effect of the book is a good deal more sad and depressing than I had expected. Although the title and opening chapter alert the reader to the brevity of Oscar's life, for some reason, I hadn't expected it to unfold quite as pathetically and tragically as it does. Similar tragedies unfold in the previous generations, and by the end of the book, there is little consolation of any kind to be found. Diaz writes with so much compassion for his characters that one would be hard pressed not to be affected. However, the sexual themes that pervade all the storylines act as somewhat of a life-affirming counterbalance to all the death and disappointment. And above all, there is the sheer exuberance and dexterity of the prose, which makes the book well worth reading from a purely stylistic or technical perspective. Not exactly a masterpiece, but well worth reading.Simply the Worst One of the pleasures of being in a book group is that you find yourself forced to read books you never would have otherwise tried, and as a result, sometimes discover a wonderful work (one such example in my case is Jose Saramago's Blindness). However, the evil twin of that pleasure is the unmitigated pain of wasting precious time slogging through something you can't stand. Unfortunately, not only does this Booker Prize-winner stand firmly in that second category, it is the champion of it: the most hated book of the 70+ I've read for my bookclub, and the least enjoyable work of fiction I've read this year (out of roughly 100 or so books). Unlike many other haters of this tedious book, I didn't find it particularly difficult reading. The unannounced shifts back and forth in time and place didn't leave me adrift so much as amazed at their clumsiness. Then again, the book is essentially a monologue of remembrance, and human memories are messy things, so I was willing to conditionally accept that messiness as part and parcel of the protagonist. Speaking of the protagonist (middle-aged Veronica Hegerty), many haters seem to focus on her unlikability as the source of the book's problems. Personally, I don't think that a protagonist needs to be likable in any way -- just interesting. But she's not interesting in the slightest, just (like the book itself), annoyingly self-indulgent. I suppose this could be construed as a kind of commentary on her yuppiesh generation, but that seems like grasping at straws. Moreover, there are no other characters to connect with. The entire story takes place within Veronica's head, and even though it's populated with various family members who allegedly mean so much to her (in a love/hate way), the reader never gets a sense of any of them. The plot -- such as it is -- revolves around the suicide of one of Veronica's brothers, which sends her on a trip to Brighton to bring the body back to Ireland for the funeral (she is gathering the body to bring it back to a gathering of people -- clever). About halfway into the book the "secret" of this brother's lifelong depression is revealed, and it's both jaw-droppingly cliched and wholly simplistic and reductionist. My one hope was that this "revelation" would be the spark that lit a fire under the second half of the book -- but no, it simply plods forward at the same stultifying pace. Ultimately the book has nothing to offer: it has no telling insights into memory or regret, it rehashes the same tired cliches about growing up poor and Irish, its use of the unreliable narrator is rudimentary at best, and its not even notably bleak and depressing. I guess you could make the argument that many of these flaws are actually commentary on the flawed nature of humans, but this doesn't make it worth spending your own precious time on.
Okay Mystery is Too Long Scottoline may have written this novel from the heart, and out of personal experience. The reader may experience more verisimilitude as a result, but that does not, nor should it, relieve the author of the obligation to edit. The novel is overlong, in what may be a misguided attempt to fool readers into believing they're getting a better deal for their money. Good stories should not be required to support more side trips than are necessary. Nevertheless, long though it may be, this is a cracking good story, and for the most part well told. Bennie Rosato is a prominent, successful, criminal attorney who runs her own law firm in Philadelphia. It is a firm of women lawyers, some of whom come with considerable family baggage. Rosato is not excluded. She never had the standard nuclear family, her father apparently split long before Bennie had any real memories of him. Her mother is dying in a nursing home and Bennie has no one with whom to share that burden. With only a week to go before the trial starts, drug dealer Alice Connolly, a woman accused of murdering her cop-lover, demands a new lawyer, specifically, the woman she claims is her twin sister, Bennie Rosato. Rosato has always known she was an only child. When Rosato meets with Connolly, loudly claiming a frame-up by the Philadelphia PD, she learns to her considerable and additional consternation that Connolly has been guided to the decision to contact Bennie, by an old man who claims to be the women's father. This can only be the case, of course, if Connolly is in fact, Bennie's sister. Connolly is one of the most interesting characters in he book. Street-wise, tough as nails and amply capable of murder, her first and only priority is to use this possible connection with Bennie Rosato to get off and out from under the death penalty that goes with conviction. Rosato, still wondering after many years of self-examination, what her family might have been, is forced by circumstances to renew the old questions and try to find the man claiming to be her father. Scottoline, a good writer, expertly weaves into the book, the story of the cloying, overly protective family of one of her associates as stark contrast to her own fragmented family. But having established her context and parameters, it's almost as if the author wants to be sure everyone who reads Mistaken Identity gets it. Readers will get it too. The resolution, to family questions, to Connolly's claim of a frame and the murder trial itself, are all resolved in interesting ways and the book is ultimately properly completed.
Useful For all of you who were assigned to read this (I'm a German major and have to read this auf Deutsch) and have no idea what it says or means then read this-for free. Save your cash on your fun purchases (holds her beloved Kindle closer in adoration)! Hopefully, for you German majors, this will help you get an idea of WHAT is happening in the text with also those archaic words. I would also suggest that when you go abroad for your language requirement to purchase an old German dictionary because modern dictionaries typically don't include those words that have become obsolete. At this point in time I hope to read this and then decipher the selection from this in the original German I have to translate and understand for my German Literature class. I can only be thankful that as we reach contemporary writing the writing becomes less grandiloquent and easier to understand-unlike the second book of Faustus. -Dani. p.s. So yes, buy it while it's hot and it's still a freebie.
Okay... I was disappointed by "The Jury" by Fern Michaels. I have read all of the books before this one and plan to read more of the series. There was too much violence in this one for my taste. I'm hoping the next in the series is more enjoyable.
The Brief And Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao, Junot Diaz Let me preface this with a personal disclaimer. This was not an easy book to navigate with an audio version because of the many Spanish words and colloquialisms which I did not recognize. With a visual, I could have looked back, checked the spelling, looked up words, and perhaps I would have found the book far more entertaining. I found some of the subject matter very distasteful and the language unnecessarily profane. The most vulgar language and sexual descriptions left little to the imagination. Although the descriptions were apt and spot on, they were sometimes absolutely gross. I was not a bit interested in reading graphic descriptions of violent, senseless beatings or gratuitous, sadistic sex that did not in any way enhance the story. As in "A Visit From The Goon Squad" by Jennifer Egan, the language and descriptive sex in this novel, detracted from its beauty. The book is written with subtle humor even as it describes horrific scenes. The characters are not very likeable as they are all very nave and ill informed, making poor judgments leading to abysmal consequences in their lives. They never seem to learn from experience and repeat the same mistake, generation after generation, choosing the wrong mate and the wrong path to follow, hence the aura of a curse around the family. That said, the author did a masterful job of setting the time and place. Through the history of Oscar Wao's troubled family, beginning with his grandfather, Abelard, in the Dominican, and continuing with Oscar's upbringing, we learn what it was like for him to live and grow up in Patterson, NJ, as well as in the Dominican Republic, right under the nose of Trujillo. He forces the reader to experience the brutality of the regime. We learn of the fucu, the faceless man, the dreams and the tragedies that befell this family, generation after generation. The history of Oscar's family is filled with despair. Under the Trujillo regime, his family was stripped of their wealth and prominence. It was an oppressive regime which left no records of its monstrous cruelty to individuals. Oscar's cousin was destroyed by friends, the very friends who turned him in with their lies, who then became the recipients of some of his wealth. It was a corrupt society, hopeless. Oscar believes his family has a background based in superstition or the supernatural, that it is cursed. He is very intelligent and very creative with a wild imagination. Oscar's mom had a hard life in the Dominican Republic and she moved to the states. Oscar grows up in Paterson, New Jersey with his sister. He is a loser, a nerd; he has no social life, has no social skills and is not especially pleasant looking, being overweight and wearing glasses, among other things. He is a misfit from a broken home; his father left his mom after 3 years of marriage. His mom is a taskmaster who rarely gives compliments or encouragement and his sister eventually runs away and is sent back to the Dominican to live with a cousin. We continue to follow Oscar as he grows up but never seems to fulfill his dreams. He is unsuccessful with women and has few friends. When he finally doe, succeed, it is in the Dominican Republic, and it is a tragic and final ending. There are several concurrent narratives, causing some confusion. The narrator, Yunior, relates the highlights of the different character's lives. For a time, they seem to have no connection, but eventually, all the parts coalesce. There is Beli, Oscar's mother; Lola, Oscar's sister; Yunior, his "so-called" best friend; La Inca, Beli's cousin; Ybon, Oscar's true love and others. They all have their own stories; they all come from the Dominican. It is an immigrant's story, a story about superstitions and fantasies, nightmares and dreams, dysfunctional families, doomed relationships, poor choices, abandoned hopes and unattainable dreams and desires. Having lived in NJ, I found the places mentioned in the book a walk down memory lane. I remembered with fondness, the drive-in, in Perth Amboy; the amusement park in Wildwood, NJ; Rutgers University.
Skim Worthy While I liked the interaction between the romantic interests I found myself skimming a lot of this book. It was like being stuck in a room with someone who talks incessantly about inane things and just won't shut up. I liked the characters but I wanted them to shut up and just get on with the story. I won't be reading anymore in this series. There are far better books and series our there.
Hello? Authors...are you out there?? I bought this book and come to find out, Dr. Cheryle Hart's wellness center is permanently closed. I'm pretty annoyed right now, because I had questions about this diet and all website links are broken and these 2 authors have basically disappeared off the earth. I can not recommend this book based on the authors completely abandoning their philosophy. Link protein and carbs, ok. So, can I eat oatmeal with dried apples or not? I wish the authors would stand behind their product and at least create a Facebook page or something, regardless of their personal issues! UPDATE 5/24/2016 this diet may just work, I tried it and was able to lose about 10 lbs in 2 months. Will update again in another month! I still wish the authors would create a page for people using this diet!
Improving Flavor and Star have been added. This subscription is definitely starting to improve. It's now worth the price at least.
Interesting look at carbs I was really hoping to get a more complete list of the glycemic index/load of foods
Interesting Legal Dilemma Lisa Scottoline's THE VENDETTA DEFENSE presents an interesting legal dilemma. An old Italian man, "Pigeon Tony," who lived in prewar Italy under Mussolini and the Black Shirts and fled to America with his young son, is now accused of murdering another Italian-American, Angelo Coluzzi. Coluzzi is a rich man who is corrupt and has ties to the Mafia. During flashbacks in the book, we see why their ages-old feud, since their lives in Italy when Coluzzi was one of the Black Shirts, led to the killing. And, according to Pigeon Tony, that's what it was--killing, not murder. THE VENDETTA DEFENSE is one book in Scottoline's series about a Philadelphia law firm. One of the associate lawyers in the firm takes on this case, made more difficult by Pigeon Tony's ongoing insistence that he tell the judge that he did, in fact, kill Coluzzi. Pigeon Tony was sure the killing was justified because it wasn't murder; Coluzzi killed Pigeon Tony's wife in Italy many years ago and his son and daughter-in-law more recently in Philadelphia. While this book wasn't a not-put-downable thriller, it was interesting and did make me want to keep reading. Scottoline seems to like to set herself up to solve unsolvable legal dilemmas.
Up, Down and Up Again Read the first 100 pages of this and the last fifty and skip the rest. The first 100 deal with the battle of Franklin and the home of the title character. They turn her house into a hospital where she falls in love with a wounded confederate soldier. The next 200 pages deal with them and their bizarre relationship for a lack of a better word. It's poorly developed and confusing at times. The last 50 deal with her desire to help create a final resting place for the fallen confederates. The book is more interesting here. Barely three stars. Dark, poorly explained and interesting at times. Mixed bag for sure.
I think this is great story. The reason I choose 3 stars instead ... I think this is great story. The reason I choose 3 stars instead of 4 stars because I think the story is a little predictable hence a little boring and too long. There's nothing unique with Megan and Jack. Hope the second book will be better cause I cannot wait to read it.
Good story with Annoying characters The stories are cute and romantic but if you find men being unreasonable and unwilling to see anything from a woman's perspective, then you might find the stories irratating the more you read.
Jewish mystery! Very interesting. I did not know about the Jewish religion. This book broadened my knowledge! I like Rona and Decker!! Good read!!
I expected more I don't know if it's just a slow news week, because if I'm not mistaken, this is an award-winning periodical, but I'm underwhelmed. Possibly I don't find it interesting because I'm not a Chicagoan (SE Wisconsinite). It does get points for the layout, which is easy to navigate.
All this genre follows pretty much the same pattern All this genre follows pretty much the same pattern, but I have to admit I like the action - just don't make it too predictable.
The Battle for Skandia Is a Retreat for the Series "The Battle for Skandia" is the fourth book in John Flanagan's Ranger Apprentice series. Picking up where book three had dramatically ended (not strictly a cliffhanger but definitely a "you now have to read the next book" ending), "The Battle for Skandia" sees Will, Halt, and their friends join forces with their erstwhile Skandian enemies to fight off an invading force of Temujai from the eastern steppes. As much as I enjoyed book three, "The Battle for Skandia" fell flat quickly and never completely recovered. The third book ended with Will and Evanlyn in hiding, on the run from the Skandians, with Will's mentor Halt and friend Horace seemingly nowhere close to finding them. Will himself has to fight off the lingering effects of a warmweed addiction. How will they survive? How will they find each other? Miraculously, they just all happen to converge on the same Temujai camp and are happily reunited within the first 65 pages. Suspension of disbelief is one thing, but this was not just a suspension, but an expulsion. The drama and tension that elevated book three were frittered away. Beyond that, Will's and Evanlyn's ready willingness to defend the same people who had captured, enslaved, and brutalized them was also unconvincing. Allowances, of course, must be made for the fact that the target audience are middle-school children and not adults approaching (ahem) middle age. My daughter, though, who is in the target demographic had a similar reaction to mine. That being said, Flanagan's style is always pleasant and readable and there are much worse ways to spend an afternoon than hanging out with Will and the others. Parents should be mindful that there is a lot of battle violence here, and while not George R.R. Martin graphic it is still more than cartoon violence and may bother some young readers.the best fiction stories are those that transport us to distant ... Often, the best fiction stories are those that transport us to distant lands and take us away from our mundane lives. The Icebound Land accomplishes that goal nicely. The narrative follows two stories. In one, Will and Evanlyn deal with their new lives as captives of a Viking-type society. In the other, Halt and Horace travel through a Malory-inspired land replete with knights issuing challenges at bridges. The prose is straightforward enough to be read by young readers (my daughter devoured the series while in fourth grade) yet is by no means too juvenile for more mature readers. Although this is the third book in the series, it can be read and enjoyed without reading the prior volumes. The thrill is less in the plot than in Flanagan's ability to draw the reader into his worlds. I recommend this to anyone who has enjoyed tales of King Arthur and wants to recapture that magic.
Decent but just wasn't my kind of book. This book took me awhile to read and I've had it on my shelf for absolutely ever. First of all I want to say I loved Daz other book of short stories called 'This Is How You Lose Her' based on Yunior and his writing style is gorgeous. This book has the same writing style that gets you hooked in and you can see what your reading. I don't even speak Spanish and I had no problem with that because it flowed so well. I'm definitely going to pick up Drown eventually but all of that does not mean I liked this book really. There is so much sadness in this story. I mean it is about a boy, or a family who is cursed and it's not clear that they know it. Your reading from someone else's perspective looking on at Oscar and his family, comparing themselves to The Watcher in marvel comics. I loved the nerd references throughout and it did help me connect with the characters because besides RPGs I loved the story's he connected them too. Oscar wants to be a Dominican Tolkien and it's a high goal to reach. There was a lot of the N word here and I can't speak on that so I'm just going to warn you it's there. Honestly I'd say there is a lot of racism in general, colorism is something I know nothing of being a white girl but it read it very distinctly in these pages. The author is Dominican himself so he's more than likely writing from very real experiences and I've literally no say in who it's represented. Honestly I'm so out of my league I'll stop even mentioning it here. I did not like how the women were treated in this novel. I know from his other book it's a Dominican thing and I mean let's be honest America treats women as second class a lot of times so it's not hard to over look. Oscar just wanted to be in love so bad to the point he loved all women and the descriptions that were often used I kind of hated. I know that's what your going to get though reading from the male gaze in a male perspective it just sucks is all. I will say that there were strong women too who overcame their adversities and were shown respect but that doesn't fix the amount called nasty words just because they lucked out being born female. Anyways, by the end I just had lost all kind of reason to care about what was going on. I really wanted to DNF but I was 150 pages in and I didn't bring another book to work with me. So if you like literary fiction with no clear direction and sadness it's probably for you. I mean it wasn't horrible, it just wasn't for me overall.
The Widow of the South I really enjoyed the first part of this book. Although many reviewers complain about too many points of view, tis diversity helped me to see more fully the horror and terror of the Battle of Franklin. The middle portion of the book lost its focus for me and lapsed into a made for television melodrama, with a southern twist. Hicks tells the reader in the Epilogue that his focus was primarily on Carrie McGavock, but to me the emphasis moved more to her forbidden platonic love affair. I found this unnecessary and lost the primary focus. The last part again picked up and analyzed her move to memorialize and mourn the fallen of the Battle of Franklin. The first and third parts of the book were strong, but the middle left me cold. The Widow of the South is worth reading for its history, but it must be taken with a strong dose of salt.
Redemption Good story
Three Stars Reads like a doctoral thesis. Well researched, but not particularly an easy read.
Excellent Series But Final Installment is A Disappointment Vatta's War is a five-part series consisting of Trading In Danger, Marque and Reprisal, Engaging The Enemy, Command Decision, and Victory Conditions. If you're going to embark on this series, there's a caveat. In Trading In Danger (Book I), we're introduced to Kylara Vatta, a young woman who comes from a wealthy interstellar shipping family. After she's been kicked out of the Spaceforce Academy, she's given a routine assignment commanding a ship due to be scrapped. However, she has other plans... I enjoyed Ky's determination to strike out on her own and forge a life apart from her family. Her character and voice are vivid - she's resourceful, stubborn, and trusting. This last quality is what gets her into trouble. Moon keeps throwing obstacles at Ky and it's enjoyable to see how the young captain deals with them. Books 2-4 continue her story by upping the stakes and introducing new characters. It's wonderful to see Ky mature and develop her leadership talent. Aunt Grace's fruitcakes provide a thread throughout. Unfortunately, having invested so much in the characters and story, Victory Conditions (Book 5), comes as a disappointment. Moon rushed to finish the series and it shows with sloppy, lazy writing. She did the same with her Heris Serrano Trilogy. It's a shame because both series were keepers and deserved better.
The Jury is out! As I continue thru the sisterhood series, I remain a bit disturbed how these ladies can justify the things that they do to unsavory characters. Im still dealing with gratuitous swearing.
working on it Got this for my husband . we just got this so we haven't formed an revewed yet . Ask me in a couple of weeks.
A Late Review This was an older Kellerman novel and, having read quite a few by Jonathan and/or Faye, I found it distracting. The relationship had long since moved on and it was like reading old history. I did not rate it as one of her best but ordered it on the strength of later novels which were superior
?????????? I never had a chance to read it . so i guess it might have been ok !OH MY !!!!
Engaging and fun read....at first. Engaging and fun read...at first. With his strong wit and derring do, you sympathize with Abagnale and his swindles. However, as the stakes get higher, and the penalties more severe, there gets to be a heaviness that sets on the storyline. It goes from light-hearted, ingenious escapades, to an unsettling feeling of "is this all there is?" (The narrator of the audio book is exceptional, and really adds to the text.)
Not as good as her others Allison Brennan has been one of my favorite mystery writers since she started. I have all her books and I think I have reviewed most of them, but this one was a letdown. Most have a good romance and a good story this one however was just not as good. Yes, there is gore. Yes, there is a mystery. Yes, this is Duke Rogan's story. Was I disappoointed? Yes!!! First of all the story starts out twenty yrs ago with a couple of revolutionaries who were blowing up buildings. The daughter turns her mom and stepdad into the FBI. The daughter, Nora, falls in love with her FBI contact, who is murdered by her stepdad. Her mom is sent to prison and Nora and her sister to child services. Now twenty years later she is an FBI Agent and her sister Quin is a Fire Marshall. Once again terrorists are targeting Biotech firms. The latest one is protected by Duke Rogan's security. There is a body this time and it is the owner of the firm who was a friend of Duke's. Duke is immediately attracted to Nora, but although she likes him she clings to the memory of Andy from 20 years ago. As the mystery unfolds it turns out that the deaths from 20 years ago have not been forgotten and now someone is out for vengence. I really expected a better romance. I was bored by the constant back and forth revelations. When it finally hit the fan you already knew what would happen and it was disappointing. At the end of the book she says she is going to write a new series with a supernatural slant. I think she has reached the end of this type of story and needs to branch out. I will be looking forward to her next novel ORIGINAL SIN which will be out in March of 2010.Brennan does it again Allison Brennan is becoming a major talent in the suspense thriller genre. This book is no different and continues the stories of the Kincaids and their associates. I loved it. Carina Kincaid's partner is Will Hooper, seven yrs ago Will was on the task force that caught and put Theodore Glenn in prison on death row. During the course of the investigation Will met and fell in love with Robin McKenna. She was one of the strippers at RJ's, Theodore glenn killed four other strippers who were her friends before he was caught. The last one was her roommate. Robin found her and has nightmares still, about falling over the body and sliding through the blood. Will is a detective with the SFPD, he is divorced and has only had short affairs with other women since he lost Robin. Will lost her trust when he didn't believe her about Glenn. She never had an affair with him. Will finds that the news of Glenn's escape brings back all the feelings for Robin and when he sees her, he knows he will do everything he can to protect her and if he is lucky win her back into his arms. Robin started stripping to pay for college, but every man she has dated has equated stripping with prostitution. She has lost all trust in men until she met Will. She opened her heart to him and thought he trusted her, but his questions about her relationship with Glenn destroyed what trust and love she had for him. Now Robin owns RJ's and it is an uptown night club. Very chic and understated the club has been rebuilt and refurnished while the area was undergoing a rejuvenation. However Robin still sleeps with the lights on. When an unknown fault causes an earthquake at San Quention, Theodore takes the chance with many others and escapes. He knows he is a genius and has made plans already for a future escape so this just moves up his timetable. Now he intends to finish what he started and that is to kill Robin and all the others who put him in prison. The story is intriguing and the twists and turns keep you guessing. Did he kill all four girls or is there another killer out there? I could not put it down, but that is true for her other books too. Do not miss this one. Good Reading.Suspense Thriller Julia Chandler is an Assistant District Attorney who is investigating the murder of her niece's step-father. She will have to do it outside of her office for her niece is the one suspected of the murder. Julia has always believed in the law as black and white now she must face the fact that there is a gray layer of justice. And she will use every tool at her disposal to save her niece. Conner Kincaid is the brother of Carina Kincaid of SPEAK NO EVIL, he and Julia have an aquaintance that is not of the friendly kind. She is directly responsible for his leaving his job as a detective at the police dept. She forced him to testify against some of his fellow policemen. Only his caring for Emily, her niece, allows her to get him to help her save emily. Conner is now one of the best PI's in the city. And for Emily, Julia wants only the best. Emily is a trust child, when she reaches 18 she will inherit several million dollars. Her mother is a cold-hearted society gold-digger. She married Emily's father for his money and has no time for Emily. Judge Montgomery is the perfect match for her mother. He is a cold, unfeeling child molestor. Emily has told no one about his attack, except to a web page for young people to tell their worse problems and what they want to do about it. The site is called Wishlist. com. Emily had detailed how she would kill the Judge, and that was exactly how he was killed. I enjoyed the book but I felt that the leading characters were not so fully fleshed out. Conner gave up his hate alittle to easily. While not as good as SPEAK NO EVIL it is still a very good read.
A good, quick beach read. I enjoy when the main characters have a long history together. This was the case in this novel. I also enoyed the correspondence (through the use of letters) between the main characters. It was a nice way to communicate the story in the first third of the novel. With that being said, this novel added nothing else new to the romance genre. The plot was a bit predictable and the ending was (as always) wrapped up perfectly in a nice neat bow. Not too realistic. But if you are looking for an easy beach read, this one is for you!
The Ritual Bath - Faye Kellerman I liked the basic story of this book; the characters were well developed, I thought Rina and Peter both were realistic as were their conflicts with their feelings for each other. The crimes being investigated were a little convoluted to me, but only a little. I don't want to say too much, but there were some coincidences that I found a little too coincidental I wasn't a big fan of the changing POV, but that's a personal preference, not a flaw of the book. I prefer staying in the heads of the main characters, and there were a few times we were in the POV of some minor characters, which I found a little jarring. My biggest problem with this book is probably with Kellerman's tendency to sprinkle the dialogue with Hebrew terms and not translate them. Most of the time, it's easy enough to figure out, at least generally, what's being said from the context, but there were times that it was still unclear, and there was no translation. I'm all for learning new words, I have no problem with that, but I just feel that if they're in a new language, the author should provide some kind of translation. She did a great job, however, with explaining a lot of the concepts of the Jewish faith, concepts that I wasn't familiar with. The mikvah and the yeshiva, for example, are concepts that I was only familiar with in the broadest of terms, and Kellerman did a fantastic job of working her explanations of them into the story without it seeming like an info dump. I only wish that she done that with some of the terms, not just the concepts. I did like this, and I'll probably read more of this series, though not necessarily right away.
Not as funny as I would have hoped. I was disappointed that it was not as funny as I thought it would be. Not a very good shining example of the series but nice to read it you like the series anyways. Sometimes if you just love the characters despite the slow parts and it builds them for you this is a great read. If you are looking for funny and more action with romance of the hook, then you would be reading the wrong book.
Good Product...Poor Value at New Price The Wall Street Journal is a great newspaper. I subscribe at the office and have been getting the Kindle version as well. At the old price, the Kindle version was an acceptable value...especially when I travel. At the new price, however, the value is no longer there. I guess I will just go back to my hard copy of the WSJ.
Good book for our book group Our book group had another good discussion after reading this book. Several of us weren't entirely sure if we'd liked it, but one thing we all agree on was that we were glad we'd chosen to read it. The language is a problem; lots of dialect words that are neither English nor Spanish. But I was impressed that the author created a voice that was easy to read, despite the foreign words, and clear to understand. The narrators were another problem. We weren't sure we liked them, or really wanted to know them. I was intrigued by the fact that the first narrator's identity isn't revealed till halfway through the book, and also by the way each character's voice was so well-defined, leaving no doubt when there was a change. We weren't too sure about the footnotes. They made sense at the start, but got a bit lengthy and distracted us from the story. Some of us gave up reading them. And the ending seemed to be an issue too. Some though it too violent or too downbeat. Personally, I liked it and even found it sort of positive. It made sense. It was worth the price. And the book was worth the reading; we all agreed on that despite our misgivings. A fascinating insight into a different world and its people and history.
Mixed Bag in Terms of Quality This was an intriguing story that I had a hard time putting down. I was put off, however, by the overly dramatic scenes where dying heroines spit up blood (I believe this was typical of this genre) and the sick/crazy Arthur Tracy goes out west and miraculously saves a stage coach from bandits. Too many important clues were hidden because the characters conveniently had brain fever. If you can ignore the "far-fetchedness" of some of the story's angles, you'll get a kick out of this piece of vintage fiction.
Three Stars OK
Another Informative Read from Joyce Meyer Joyce Meyer writes a much needed and very pertinent topic for today's Christian. "How To Hear From God" spoke directly to what I am seeking in my relationship with God right now - more of Him! She offers Biblical advice on seeking direction for decision-making based on God's will. Filled with thought-provoking discussion questions at the end of each chapter, this would be a wonderful reading group pick for those desiring to hear from God. My only issue with this book is: when are we going to quit buying and reading books such as these and get into the Bible!?! That's where the answers are. These self-help books don't tell you anything that the Bible doesn't already say. There is no quick fix from a self-help book! Get into the Word!
Don't give up on the series because of one dud This is a great well written fun series but this one is a dud. After reading it I felt like I'd been duped into paying double the price because it is really the first half of a single book - and one that was stretched to make it a full book. This should have been combined with book four. That said, the series is still fantastic and worth pursuing. But I have to say, if you can borrow this one there's nothing you're ever going to want to go back and read. Read a plot summary and then move right on to book four. Again, to reiterate - this is still a great series. This book was a rip-off but the rest of them (I'm on 8) are well worth the money even though this isn't the only 1/2 book for full price in the series.
Frankly, I don't know what all the hoopla is ... Frankly, I don't know what all the hoopla is about. I found it to be very practical, if old fashioned. He expresses his opinions very well. Well written.
very good As a collector of all things Steele ans Westmoreland I absolutely could not get enough of this story. It was so worth it and I highly recommend anything this author writes. I promise you you cannot got wrong. I love how she pulls the reader into the story and keeps them there from start to finish. Bravo Ms. Jackson, bravo!Wish it were longer This is a story about very insecure professional ballroom dancer Shanna York and her quest to please her championship caliber brothers and widowed father who could do no wrong (In their own eyes) because they've won various medals and other accolades. As the "Loser" of the family Shanna thinks that unless she can win the ballroom championship she will never be seen in their eyes as a true "Winner". But, unluckily a monkey wrench gets thrown in her path in the form of a DVD of her latest dance partner in a very compromising position at a sex club called Sneak Peak. Along with a note threatening to expose the truth about her partner therefore derailing any chances she has of achieving her goal. Panicking, Shanna visits the club with a plan to get to the bottom of the "Who Sent The DVD". Along the way sexy Latino and Sneak Peak co-owner Alejandro Diaz who by the way is totally smitten with the dancer. His feelings borderline obsession. Soon has Shanna living out her own fantasy's while trying to solve the mystery thereby saving her career. Along the way Shanna learns that some prizes aren't as important as true love and happiness.
How and Why does one Rate a Newspaper! With a life of one day it is very difficult to rate a newspaper - they are read for news and other items and serve an extremely practical purpose. The New York Times has a good reputation and that stands and whilst in the USA it is a good daily read with interesting articles, news items etc. If it wasn't up to standard, it would fade away very quickly so "reviewing it" is a little unnecessary. Enjoy the paper, read it for leisure and information and be thankful you don't live in a nation without such information readily available and virtually free.
Three Stars Good read to understand your world around you
an easy read It was fun to see the connections from one section to the other and I wondered if some of the historical facts concerning slavery was correct.
Not that impressed A typical yet different vampire story; I thought the evolution of vampires was a unique twist. But overall there really wasn't a plot, the heroine didn't show any backbone until more than 2/3 through the book, the hero (a somewhat known psychologist), just readily accepted the premise of vampires and even embraced the idea, although only knowing the family for just a few days? And the ending, that's how they dealt with the villain? Could have been a really good story, with some character development and a better plot.
I don't give a rip about women's shoes I almost dumped this novel at the 4% mark, as Ky's aunt's and mom's machinations bored the hell out of me. But it became a reasonable space oater. It was no HAMMER'S SLAMMERS, but not a waste of time.
N ever really bought into it Never really bought into the character of a gun fighter being a concert pianist.
mediocre cultural story The story has much more potential but the parts that interested me went unexplored while the author goes on in detail about hiking over mountains and sleeping rough. I guess I expected her historical background (which she set off to explore) to be filled in more, but its like she forgets what she started out to do or something...
Quality but too expensive News quality rating is easily 5 stars, but it's price brings it down to a three star rating. It's just priced to high for a digital news source.
Life is hard, then you die... David Gerrold wrote, "Life is hard. Then you die. Then they throw dirt in your face. Then the worms eat you. Be grateful it happens in that order." Oscar may not be so grateful. This is the account of Oscar's Dominican family, which is a tragic history in every sense. Oscar is unloved. People are beaten to within an inch of their lives. Promises are broken. Government is corrupt. People are afraid. There is unrivaled unhappiness. I do want to comment on author Junot Diaz using Spanish and "Spanish-esque" phrases throughout this story. Not being able to read more than a dozen words in Spanish, I continuously felt I was missing important information regarding the characters. Perhaps these phrases could have been in Klingonese... isn't this the lens that Oscar used to view the world? Satire aside, consider removing all non-English sentences. Would this be a different story? If not, then why are they there? And if so, then many readers are missing an important chunk of the book. It makes me wonder what a Spanish version of the book would look like. Read it, and move on.
Steamy snowstorm activity... Definitely gets points for the steam factor! This is one shorter story that might have been better as a long (so to speak). The basic premise was interesting and the characters had potential but they just felt a little flat within the constraints of the format. I think the backstory was the best part--however the way the two characters came together here, well not as riveting. Sort of a Big Misunderstanding idea that was relegated to the background, while the present day Resolution was a little more like an afterthought. But in this case the afterthought is what we are reading. There was also a brief foray into what could have been a I-Am-Man-See-Me-Protect...but it was a false alarm. Oh well. On the other hand, if you after a quickie read for some explicit steaminess...well this will fit the bill. I found the writing good enough, the premise good enough, and the author gets imagination points, so I will look at other stories by this author....and if I could I'd be rating it a 3.5. JTG
Fun vampire family This isn't laugh out loud funny but it is a light hearted story with plenty of silly twists. I enjoyed the writing style and the characters. Lissianne bugged me at times with how naive she was especially being 200 years old but she figured some stuff out in the end. Fun stuff. I well probably read more of this series.
Overall it was just OK. I finished the book but didn't like it enough to continue the series. A Quick Bite is the first installment in Lynsay Sands's vampire paranormal romance series titled Argeneau. I had never read anything from this author or this series before and I have to admit the popularity and impressive ratings had me pretty excited. This book ended up just being OK for me. I never really felt engaged in the storyline or connected with any of the characters. It was too easy to put the book down while reading and I kind of had a "take it or leave it" outlook. I considered adding it to my DNF shelf, not because it's bad but because there are too many books and too little time to read something that isn't completely capturing you. But I stuck it out...I mean have you seen how many books are in this series????? It's obviously working for plenty of loyal readers. I should note there were things I did like about A Quick Bite: I liked the fact that the female lead is the vampire while the male lead is the mortal. Usually it's always the man who wears the fangs. I also thought the blood phobia was an interesting addition to the vampire world. I mean, who would have thought lol? But like I said, overall it was just OK. I finished the book but didn't like it enough to continue the series.
Okay I guess Nothing new as far as information about diet, exercise, medication and diabetes goes. All four areas need to be covered and this book was pretty limited to foods and a wee bit about the rest.
Doesn't really live up to the hype Early in the book, Banville employs a literary device/trick/sleight of hand common in modern literature (or at least in the books I am reading) Through the veiled confession of his main character- a grizzled old professor and literary curmudgeon- Banville hints at a Great Secret that is going to be revealed. A young female scholar, who we soon discover may be slightly crazy and full of secrets her self, writes a mysterious letter to the aforementioned author and though we don't know what the letter says, we do know that it is compelling enough to cause its recipient to fly halfway around the world to meet with (and confront) its author. While Banville is undoubtedly a talented author, and his writing- heavy on description, light on conversation, at times poetic in its fluidity- is worth the price of admission alone, the story he has concocted for "Shroud" amounts to nothing more than an over-hyped secret and the not-too-exciting results of its revealing. What that secret is will remain a secret (don't want to give too much away), but sadly, that secret fails to live up to its early hype (even the title references the secret and its centrality to the story), and thus the book's success relies on the strength of its main characters (neither of whom are all that likeable) and Banville's writing talent. In this instance, unfortunately, this talent is not enough to redeem the story. "Shroud" is a good book, written by a talented author, who unfortunately does not strike gold mining territory that has been often mined before. Nothing new here, and at least for this reader, this is exactly what makes this book solid but ultimately forgettable.
OK, but not exciting Not as fast acting as I like. A bit too much internal musing of the main character. Also, it is really focused only on her. The other characters are never developed and don't have interesting personalities.
Basics of Communism and Its Effects on the Proletarian Communist Ideology briefly explained in complex terminology. The reader is taken through the history of origination of Communism with emphasis on the need to stabilize the living standards of the people of the world under one common principle of equality. Some basic principles of Communism like abolition of private property acquiring rights, abolition of inheritance rights and nationalization of production are worth noting down. The emergence of the powerful Bourgeois (middle class) from the feudal lordship and its dominance over a period of time leading to subjugation of the Proletarian (working class) has given a new meaning to Communist ideology. The major aim of Communism is to raise the Proletarian to the stage of political ruling class thus overthrowing the Bourgeois supremacy. The Communists therefore support every revolutionary movement against the existing social and political order of things in the Bourgeois society. The reader might not understand many terms used by the authors unless and until he has an idea about the economic scenario of his country. Quite complex at times and the ideology goes above the heads of many until read more than once. This hand book gives the basic idea of how a Communist Manifesto works but does not spell out much about the benefits of the ideology at large. It could have been better if some illustrations were included in between, for easy understanding. My rating is 2.5 out of 5
Lots of sex, little plot I like a good steamy read, but this one went beyond romance and solidly into the arena of erotic romance. The first half of the book is pretty much sex scenes, and the weak plot doesn't really deliver until the middle of the book. It's certainly titillating, but as I like my books with more plot, this wasn't really the read for me.
Fun read It's funny. Definitely worth the price (free). Had me laughing. Not as good as P.G. Wodehouse, but in the same vein. Great for reading on your phone while waiting for anything.
Tumbling K A typical L'Amour western, not one of his best but enjoyable nevertheless. L'Amour is always a good read, good excapeism.
Interesting, but pointless Despite the great begining, Frank W. Abagnale & Stan Redding's `Catch Me If You Can' becomes a big `what so?' after a few chapters. While they are telling how Frank became the most wanted con is funny and interesting to learn how fragile the system is. But when they tell over and over again the same thing-- how he forged checks and pretended to be a Pan Am pilot-- the books becomes boring. In the middle of my reading I got me thinking `Why am I reading this?'. I mean it is not even entertaining me. But I went on until the last pages thinking that anything really big would happen. But it didn't. The book left me with the feeling that someone up there loves Frank W. Abagnale more than other mortals, because this guy is so lucky that it is almost impossible to believe. I think the movie may be better, once it gets a `story' from the book, and not only chronicle Frank's adventures.For the end of the solitude of the soul Tim Winton's mesmerizing "Dirt Music" opens quoting Emily Dickinson about different kinds of solitude. This opening is not by chance, because for more than 400 pages the novel will handle different kinds of solitudes that befall on its characters. Above all, it is about that old solitude, the loneliness, which defies us. Winton has a prose deep in details that reads almost like something hallucinatory. We dive beneath the surface and meet a world of melancholy inhabited by Georgie, her husband, Jim, and a strange figure called Luther Fox. These three people are trying to overcome their limitations, their pains, and the reader is invited to follow their journey. It is an invitation one cannot refuse, because Australian writer Winton beautifully infuses it with local colors and language that make it a very absorbing reading. Any reader can easily relate to the struggle of the trio of characters because they are very real. "Dirt Music" is one of those novels that takes us to another time, another place - still, we can recognize the time and place. The time is urgent, the place, anywhere in this planet.Of curses and blessing Junot Daz has something important to tell us. He also has something funny and entertaining - but above all, he has a major talent to display on his latest novel "The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao", which was recently awarded a Pulitzer Prize for fiction. The title character, Oscar Wao, is one of those unforgettable literary figures, like Holden Caulfield or Oliver Twist, for instance. A character that becomes bigger than his book, that transcends narrative and becomes a human being. Early in the novel he is described as `not one of those Dominican cats everybody's always going on about - he wasn't no home-run hitter or a fly bachatero, not a playboy with a million hots on his jock'. He also hasn't had much luck when it comes to love. Early in his life, Oscar Wao had a brief period of luck with girls but it has long past. And he may suffer from an ancient curse called fuk that has fallen upon his family for centuries. In order to tell Oscar's familiar history, Daz uses this curse as both a device and an excuse. The whole narrative maybe focused on the journey of fuk until it reaches the protagonist. As such, "The brief wondrous life of Oscar Wao" becomes a bigger picture. This reminds of another Pultizer Prize winner Jeffrey Eugenides' "Middlesex", in which by telling the journey of a gene, the writer revisits a whole century and an immigrant saga. "Oscar Wao" is also an immigrant family saga, and here is where lie the most serious and political tone of the novel. It is interesting that most of the Dominican history is told in footnotes - as if the history itself was, for the rest of the world, nothing more than a footnote. Daz has a major talent to make political comment is a subtle way. `(...) the First American Occupation of the DR, which ran from 1916 to 1924 (You didn't know we were occupied twice in the twentieth century? Don't worry, when you have kids they won't know the U. S. occupied Iraq either'. "The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao" is at the same time both exhilarating, funny and political. And this is one of its major qualities. Daz makes you laugh, cry and think while entertaining you. He has one of the most assured voices of contemporary literature - a real blessing.When there is nothing else left Last Year's Man Booker Prize Winner, "The Gathering", is a novel of buried high feelings and deep emotions. Irish writer Anne Enright has a beautiful prose that not always matches her objectives. The novel's subject is a heavy one, a woman dealing with her problematic and beloved brother's death. While avoiding easy solutions, the novel never seems to go that deep it should. When Enright looks back in her characters' lives, she is telling us we are the result of our pasts. That is right but sometimes, a novel needs to stick to the present also, so that readers can really care about past.
Mediocre Story, Superb Production Kylara Evangeline Dominique Vatta is a likeable enough heroine, if a bit on the stereotypical side. She's young and enthusiastic, perhaps a bit too trusting, and prone to fits of hot-headedness. The youngest of five siblings, and the only girl in a wealthy and successful family, all Ky really wants is to make a name for herself. Lacking any real experience, she often is forced to rely on her own instincts and intuition, which turn out to be surprisingly good most of the time. In other words, Kylara is just the kind of person we love to cheer for. I like the way Ky handles herself in tough situations, although some of those situations are a little too contrived for my liking. In the naval academy, Ky tries to help a friend who, as it turns out, was trying to discredit the military, and she is expelled. That punishment was way more severe than necessary, but the scene does serve to show us that Ky is a good-natured person who truly wants to help people whenever possible. Later on, Ky inadvertently takes her ship and crew into a star system where war is breaking out. Many of the events that transpire from this don't make much sense logically, but again they serve to give us more insights into Ky's nature, namely that she is a capable captain and will do whatever is necessary to protect her ship and crew. The real saving grace to Trading in Danger is the audio production. Graphic Audio specializes in turning books into full cast dramatizations, complete with music and sound effects. This particular production was beautifully done, with sound and music that truly enhance the story rather than distracting the listener. As to the cast, what you have basically is a main narrator, and several voice actors who read the parts of the various characters. The main narrator, and I believe also the voice of Kylara, is Cynthia Holloway, who did a more than adequate job. The other actors are too numerous to name here, but I'm happy to say that they are all named in the recording. That makes me happy because sometimes full-cast audio productions neglect to name the actors, so thank you for that Graphic Audio. Trading in Danger wasn't the best story, what you might call a space opera I suppose, but there's plenty of fast-paced action to keep you listening. And the cinema quality sound enhancements are definitely worth a listen.
A Quick Bite was a strong beginning to a "new to me" series! Read for Fun (Kindle) Overall Rating: 3.50 Story Rating: 3.25 Character Rating: 3.75 First Thought when Finished: A Quick Bite was a strong beginning to a "new to me" series! Story Thoughts: A Quick Bite is one of those of books that might have read better for me if I wasn't constantly looking up when I was going to get stories for other characters in the story. I just never was completely invested in the love story of Lissi and Greg.* I was more invested in every one around them which means the story and I never clicked. That is on me as the reader, not on the author! Though I did like the lengths her mom would go to in order to help her little girl (no matter how old you are, you are always momma's little girl)! Character Thoughts: I really enjoyed the characters introduced in A Quick Bite. In fact, I am pretty sure I fell head over heals for a few of them. Lissi was a cute character and I think really coming into her own.** I felt she still had some "spreading her wings" growing to do but with Greg in her corner that is going to happen. I love Greg! Poor guy handled everything like a champ even after thinking that he was the birthday present in a whole other way! He was a fun character and just down right adorable. Final Thoughts: I enjoyed my trip into the Argeneeau's world and will most certainly be following up with the next book!*** *I like Lissi and Greg more now as a couple after reading a few more stories in the series. **Lissi really has come into her own after a few books in the series. I guess this is the plus of me being ahead of my review writing. ***Already did and I am on book 4. Overall this is just a fun series!
It is okay Good read but not the real paper. The stories are nice and easy to pull up, but no comics, and missing key sections in sports and business still make you need to buy a paper.It's alright The paper does a really good job with the stories but you missing to much content from the things that are in a real newspaper. The comics, key parts of the business section and sports section.
All He Ever Wanted: What Would He Be Willing to Do to Get What He Wants? This story opens with Nicholas Van Tassel surviving a restaurant fire. Once he exits the burning building and helps others to do the same, he sees Etna Bliss standing under the lamp light. He is instantly in love. Nicholas finally marries Etna and with full knowledge that she will never love him. She had told him. Nonetheless, he insists, believing he can make her love him. In addition, Etna, a woman before her time, hungers for independence. In the early 1900's, this is neither commonly accepted nor accommodated. Nicholas is definitely a man of his time, and does not feel Etna's independence is proper. Wishing to hold onto his wife and to acquire a position for which he longs at the college, Nicholas resorts to an outrageous act. This book is a reflection of Nicholas's life. Nicholas Van Tassel is actually riding in a train and writing this account of his life for his son. As he looks back on his life, the reader is given a one-sided account, his interpretation, of his career as a college professor and of his marriage to Etna Bliss. I grew to detest him, as the story proceeds. However, is he a product of his times? Or is he truly and evil man?
Not Great, Not Bad Not the greatest collection, but a good one. Good for anyone who has not read some of the most recent translations. These are a good cozy read on a cold or cool night. Grab the kids and snuggle up for the classics.
Nothing New Skip this book and find another. There is nothing new and some of the advise goes against everything else I have read and common sense. Per Dr Thompson it is ok to eat bacon, sausage, beef. The World Health Organization says those things cause cancer. It is basically Atkins plus fruit.
Men in Black makes you think I just finished reading Men in Black and there are several positive and negative things about this book. The positives: The book really makes you think about where you stand on issues. I consider myself a conservative but as I read the book (knowing that the book would most likely take a conservative slant) I found myself wondering whether I really agreed with what the author was trying to say. The book is sectioned off well and the author includes several interesting quotes not only from the founding fathers but also from Supreme Court justices throughout the history of the country. Mr. Levin also does a fairly good job of presenting his argument and convincing you that his point of view is the correct one in most cases. The negative: I enjoy listening to Rush Limbaugh (though I don't on a regular basis). However, if I were trying to convince the very divided population of this nation that I was correct on something I would not include a foreward by Mr. Limbaugh. That automatically convinces some people that the book is without fault but it also automatically convinces some that the book has no truth in it. I also feel like the book didn't have very strong standings in some of it's chapters. It seemed that sometimes the author was picking "hot button" topics and was trying to wrap his argument around that topic in order to create discussion instead of because he really believed in it. Bottom Line: This is a very interesting book and I would recommend reading it whether you consider yourself conservative, liberal or somewhere in between. He does have some very good points in the book and after reading it I find myself listening to news of Supreme Court decisions just a little more carefully. It is a fairly easy read and is something anyone who likes to learn would enjoy.
This is the second to last book in the Bride Series. This book is a little strange for Catherine Coulter but still enjoyable. I like reading about Grayson, Ryder and Sofia's son from the second Bride book, The Hellion Bride. There is also a description of Ryder and Sofia as an older couple which I enjoyed.
Marrying for the wrong reasons leads to sorrow. In her previous novels, Anita Shreve has tackled the thorny subject of how men and women often operate at cross-purposes. In "All He Ever Wanted," Shreve writes from the point of view of a man, Nicholas Van Tassel, who is a college teacher in a small New Hampshire town in 1899. Van Tassel, by chance, encounters a young woman with the unlikely name of Etna Bliss, and he is immediately smitten with her. Van Tassel refuses to listen when Etna insists that she can never reciprocate his love, and he asks her to marry him. This decision will come back to haunt him. Shreve chose unwisely when she decided to write the book from Nicholas's point of view. He is a pompous, selfish, and shortsighted individual, who for much of the book is blind to his own shortcomings. He makes an unreliable and irritating narrator. The author should have told the book from Etna's point of view, for she is by far the most interesting character in the book. We learn little about Etna's inner life, and what we learn is told from Nicholas's skewed viewpoint. We do find out that Etna has a secret and tumultuous past, one that she chooses not to share with her husband. Nicholas, who is a pompous chauvinist, does not sympathize with his wife and his clumsy efforts to control her behavior inevitably backfire. Shreve's narrative style is occasionally heavy-handed and overwrought in this novel, and her lack of subtlety weakens the book. What keeps me interested in reading Shreve's novels is her compassion for her characters. Both Nicholas and Etna are stuck in certain roles, and neither one is flexible enough to change. Since these two individuals are so different from one another, and so lacking in any understanding of one another's needs, their relationship can only bring heartbreak. Anita Shreve has always been an expert at expressing the sorrow of unhappily married couples.Brava, Scottoline! In her best novel yet, Lisa Scottoline has once again mined her knowledge of all things Italian and the result is pure gold. "The Vendetta Defense" is the story of "Pigeon Tony" Lucia (he breeds and races pigeons), an elderly Italian gentleman who admits that he has killed his enemy, eighty-year-old Angela Coluzzi, in order to settle an ancient vendetta. In a series of flashbacks, we learn the story of Tony Lucia and Angelo Coluzzi. These two men were neighbors in a small town in Italy sixty years ago, and they were rivals for the hand of the beautiful Silvana. Silvana chose Tony Lucia over Angelo Coluzzi, and Angelo, a rabid Fascist and a vicious thug, never forgave this betrayal. Coluzzi spent his life doing everything that he could to destroy the Lucia family. For over half a century, Tony has restrained his anguish, until the fateful day when he and Coluzzi finally have it out. Judy Carrier, a hotshot lawyer in Bennie Rosato's all-female law firm, decides to take on Tony Lucia's seemingly hopeless case. While trying this case, Judy risks her life, weathers exciting and nerve-wracking courtroom battles and finds love with Frank, Tony's gorgeous grandson. Scottoline's novel is at times achingly poignant, especially during the flashbacks, and at other times, it is laugh-out-loud funny. Scottoline is politically incorrect in her depiction of the old Italian men and young Italian mobsters who live in South Philly. "The Vendetta Defense" works as a light and entertaining mystery, and I recommend it unreservedly. Fans of Scottoline will fall in love with Judy and Pigeon Tony, and they will enjoy this wonderful novel immensely.An engrossing thriller that falls apart at the end. Scottoline is a talented author with a strong legal background. Her characters are intriguing although the villains are a bit stereotyped. The problem with this book is the plot. It is too complicated and the ending leaves many more questions unanswered than I would have liked. Not every loose end must be tied up, but the author left far too many dangling. The book, at 480 pages, is too long. There is not enough plot to justify the length. It could have been edited better. With a tighter plot and a more focused ending, "Mistaken Identity" would have been a top-flight legal thriller. Instead it is a valiant effort that ultimately falls short of its initial promise.
Sucker for any story that mentions NH. This was a short super quick read. I didn't find it as bad as some of the reviewers here have stated. I think it was fine for what it was. I agree had the story been longer there may have been more interesting and enticing scenes. I would have liked to learn a little more about Sera and her gifts. The entire time I was reading it I kept thinking back to Linda Howards White Out which can be found in Strangers in the Night. The premise seemed similar. Being snowed in but Howards was more of a story. I really enjoyed that one. There was at least one similar scene that while both were good this fell a little short. All in all I liked it. Could there have been more? Of course, but they can't all be novels.Historic and erotic. This was a super steamy erotic historical fictional story that I enjoyed to the fullest. I like the part where there's three "fairy godmothers" who help out along the way. It sort of throws in a little curve to the story but they're fun and enjoyable. The characters were fun and there were some twists I did not see coming. Lots of erotic sex scenes that may not be for everyone.
The Field Though a fascinating subject, a lot of the information was over my head, as I'm not a science wiz, nor am I familiar with some of the terms used...but I would love to learn more.
A lighthearted paranormal, but I like my vampy heroes to be more dark,dangerous and broody. I'm a big fan of Lynsay Sands and am well on my way to having read all of her historicals. I have the majority done but am saving those last few to pull me out of reading slumps. If you haven't read her historicals yet, I suggest giving them a shot in audio. She has great narrators that really bring the characters for life. Back to the book at hand, I don't know why I haven't tried the Argeneau series before now. It may be because I tend to search out urban fantasy series because I like to follow the same couple throughout... but I have run through those and now am going back to the paranormal multi-couple series such as Argeneau, Immortals After Dark, etc. This book was a little different from other vampy books that I have read and listened to in that our hero was not the fangy one. Dr. Gregory Hewitt is a psychologist that specializes in the treatment of phobias. He seems to be a bit of a workaholic and his sister is constantly setting him up on blind dates. He manages to get out of the latest fix up because he is all set to go on vacation to Cancun, his first vacation in many years. Unfortunately before he can do any relaxing, Greg is spirited away by a female vamp who plans to give him to her daughter as a birthday present! Our heroine is also unique, Lissianna Argeneau is a 200 y/o vamp who suffers from hemophobia. She faints at the sight of blood. This has made Lissianna largely dependent on her family for feeding. So when she sees great bound to her bed with a bow, she mistakes him for dinner! They couple has an instant connection it seems, and Greg is the first mortal whose mind is closed to Lissianna. As Greg proves to have a strong will, the vamps are at odds regarding his fate and future. He needs to treat Lissianna's phobia... but danger seems to find them at every turn. This was a light-hearted paranormal. It wasn't a dark fantasy with broody vamps and overly serious characters, but it was entertaining despite being somewhat shallow. I don't mean that in a negative way. So I liked the story, but I didn't love it. I honestly think it was the beta male thing. I like my vamps to be dark, broody and dominant. Greg is pretty much the opposite of those characteristics. Maybe some of the other Argeneau brothers will tickle my fang fancy... but I will keep reading regardless because I know I am going to be entertained with any book by Lynsay. Since this was an audio, I feel like I should say something about the narrator. It was a solid performance. Nothing stuck out as good or bad. My mind did wander off a few times that required me to rewind... but that was more about me being busy than the book not holding my interest. 3 stars / 3 flames.
not the best of the sisterhood but not bad If you love the sisterhood, the story won't disappoint...if you're on the fence, skip this one you won't miss out on much story lne
Humor But Little 'Contemporary' Romance Contained in this Jennifer Cruise bundle: <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Getting-Rid-Of-Bradley/dp/0373773234/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Getting Rid Of Bradley</a>&nbsp;- 1.5 Stars Lucy Savage just got divorced. Her newly ex-husband didn't even bother showing up for the final signing. Her controlling, though well-intentioned, sister is ready to remove body parts off the man, but Lucy is feeling more confused than heartbroken. She wants answers for why her husband was making time with a blond bimbo in their house. Over lunch, she tries to explain to her sister that she's okay but ready to take control over her own life...as soon as she gets answers from Bradley for why he did what he did. Across the restaurant, two cops working on an embezzlement case overhear Lucy talking about Bradley and officer Zack Warren realizes that the tip he and his partner got to show up at this dive to nab Bradley the embezzler just went live. He confronts Lucy as she's leaving the restaurant...and then bullets are flying and he's getting beat up by the woman who's life he just saved. Lucy feels nothing but empowered as she realizes she's successfully defended herself against a mugging and takes off after the police show up to grab the wretched scruffy guy in leather who put his hands on her. She feels so empowered, in fact, she decides to dye her hair. Blond was a mistake, so she tries for brunette. Just as she's realizing that the attempted dye job left her hair dead and...well...green...the doorbell rings and the thug she'd beat up is standing there...with his policeman's shield in hand. Oops. Today Lucy got divorced, shot at, manhandled, dyed her hair green, and beat up a cop. She isn't having a good day. What started out as a sort of loony but amusing premise was quickly strained by an anorexic plot that pushed beyond the boundaries of plausibility or credulity and by characters that lacked more than superficial development. Zack is the Peter Pan who equates committed relationships with death and Lucy is the pushover who is so intent on remaking herself she's willfully blind to common sense. Though I prefer more three dimensional characters and found Zack's abrupt about-face on relationships as soon as he spends time with Lucy a bit hard to swallow, I honestly liked him. He's pretty uncomplicated and generally a nice guy - and any male who still wants a woman with ugly green hair is worth something. His character and his reaction to things is where all the humor in this book lays for me. I didn't find him believable, and he's pretty two dimensional, but I did generally enjoy him. What really turned me off this book was Lucy. I found her character to be so irredeemable - between her lack of common sense and worse, lack of intelligence, her absurdly obtuse reactions even after things started blowing up, and her apparent lack of self preservation, I couldn't figure out for the life of me how Zack could even tolerate her, let alone love her. I actually found her distasteful as a character and difficult to read when paired with Zack. Unfortunately, for a book like this to work for me, I have to like both leads. I so disliked Lucy that what would have been a silly and unrealistic but entertaining light romantic comedy, Getting Rid of Bradley, was ruined for me. <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Strange-Bedpersons/dp/B002WEPC3C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Strange Bedpersons</a>&nbsp;- 3 Stars Originally published in 1994, there's little about this quirky romance about the ladder-climbing yuppie Republican lawyer Nick and the hippie, commune-raised, militant-feminist liberal Tess that doesn't feel almost painfully dated. That being said, Crusie pens a fast-paced plot that delves more deeply than I'd anticipated into the potential disaster of a relationship between two people who love each other, but who are so different they will never see eye to eye. Nick, despite his career-loving little heart, is a fun character who is actually pretty forgiving and able to compromise, though he does have a rather vanilla predilection for sex in bed. He's pretty darn forgiving of some pretty radical behavior and recognizes before Tess does that some compromise is in order, yet he still manages to mess up a little as he presses his own sense of fashion off onto the bohemian Tess and tries to wear down some of her rougher edges before he realizes that he's got to decide to accept her as is or lose her. I found Tess harder to like, though I did respect her commitment to her values. Still, her uncompromising attitude and selfish judgments of those who don't share her militant views were off-putting through most of the book. Strange Bedpersons started abruptly, too abruptly, with Nick banging on Tess' door and Tess closing it in his face, the two of them obviously already sharing a history. It took a little while to get the story on their history, so the opening of the book seemed jarring and left me feeling like I missed something. It made it hard to get into and I had to struggle a bit to 'catch up.' That did subside a bit as the story progressed, though the other issues - the dated feeling and my issues with Tess - didn't. Still, I can't argue Crusie's ability to nail witty, fast-moving dialogue and touch on human truisms with humor and intelligence. I just wish that prior to republication, this story had gone through a bit of a brush up to make it more socially and culturally timely and not quite so anachronistic to contemporary romance. <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/What-the-Lady-Wants/dp/B002WEPEOE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">What the Lady Wants</a>&nbsp;- 4 Stars Mitchell Peatwick Kincaid is a stockbroker, but a fondness for Sam Spade and a mild feeling of discontent with his job convinced him to get a private investigator license, and about a year ago, a bet with his boss and some friends - and a lot of alcohol - goaded him into leaving his prosperous career with his prestigious firm, putting the stuff from his monied life into storage, and taking on private detecting as a career under the name Mitchell Peatwick. And if he can get his private investigation firm into the black in a year, he'll win that $10,000 bet. Twelve months of private investigating, however, taught Mitch two things: everybody lies, and real life private investigation work doesn't resemble anything remotely similar to Sam Spade's life. Until SHE walked in. SHE is Mae Belle Sullivan and she's looking for a PI who isn't all that bright so she can lie to him. Not for kicks, but to get help finding answers following the death of her uncle. Answers that will save Mae from financial ruin and explain what her reprehensible old fart of a relative was doing with all the art and keepsakes that have been disappearing from his house for the past few months. An overheard conversation pointed her in the direction of her uncle's journal, but it's been missing since he died and Mae's starting to get frantic to find it. So she lies. And she uses her feminine wiles. And she pays Mitch Peatwick just about everything in her bank account to investigate the murder of her uncle. Who was in his seventies, had a heart condition and a twenty-five year old mistress, and died in her bed. Mae's fairly certain it wasn't murder. Mitch knows he's being lied to by the delicious-looking Mae Belle, but her retainer pushes him into the black and secures his bet...and anything is better than trailing cheating spouses, so he takes her case. There are just a couple of problems for them both. Mitch isn't anywhere near as slow as Mae had hoped, and as more and more clues start to pile up, her uncle's death starts to look more and more like an actual murder - even to Mae. With a quirky cast of primary and secondary characters and a twisting, rollicking plot that includes suspense, mystery, romance, and comedy, What the Lady Wants delivers a lot of charm and a few good hours of light entertainment. Originally published in 1995, the story is a little worn around the edges and has a bit of a dated patina to it, but not so much that it detracts from the story as in some of Crusie's books. It's more like a faint scent on the air than a bat upside the head. Noticeable, but not painful. Mitch is a fun character, and quicker than he looks. Which is probably a good thing. I'm dating myself here, but he reminded me a lot of Magnum PI or Rick Simon from Simon & Simon - a bit cynical about life, a bit sloppy on the outside but sharp and thorough when he needed to be. Mae was endearing. Intelligent and kind, with a streak of independence a mile wide and a determination that is formidable. She's a bit stubborn when she needs to be, but not so cold as to be unappealing as a person. She cares about the people she loves and takes on the responsibility of caring for them, as needed. Together they made a good couple, and their banter was one of the high points of the book. Crusie excels at quickly paced plots with quirky characters and a lot of witty, intelligent, and sarcastic banter. It's what keeps me coming back to her when I want or need some brain candy. I'd love to see this story get a bit of a modernized polish to clear away the dated patina, but even as it stands, I liked it quite a bit. <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Charlie-All-Night/dp/B000UH5Z2G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Charlie All Night</a>&nbsp;- 3.5 Stars When you're the go-to girl at the radio station and you're producing the number one drive time show in the area, you've got a lot of responsibility and your future is looking bright. When the talent of that show dumps you, then two months later fires you from the show, you're bright future starts to look more like flames from a crash and burn. Allie McGuffey is feeling the heat from those flames after her radio personality ex-boyfriend Mark dumps her as producer and the station puts her on a new overnight time slot. Pushed from drive time to overnight is humiliating. Pushed there by her ex-boyfriend with his supercilious attitude and delusions of competency is even worse. Putting on a good face just leads to another crisis as a mad dash to the nearest bar/restaurant with her ex hot on her heels forces Allie into uncharted waters. She picks up the first non-suit wearing male she can find and desperately tries to act like she's perfectly okay while her insides are still quaking. Though the rugged man she clings to is obviously surprised by her blatant come on, he doesn't sell her out, which makes him a hero in Allie's book. Charlie Tenniel is a bit of a bounce around. He doesn't stay in one place too long, doesn't limit himself to doing one thing for his life, either. His wanderlust is a constant disappointment for his socially formidable father. His brother, radio personality Ten Tenniel, was more the man his father wanted him to be, but look where that got him - a drug habit and escape from prosecution courtesy of their father's connections. Charlie wasn't going to go out like that. He was, however, going to take the job his father wanted him to take as a favor to the station owner, an old family friend. An anonymous tip claims knowledge of a drug ring opperating from the station and Charlie's been conscripted to chase down the responsible party. He just wants to fly under the radar for the six weeks or so he plans to stay in town, so having Allie pressed up against him is just fine, but when he realizes she's his new producer and intends to make him a star, he's just as adamant that she doesn't. His position would probably be a lot stronger if he could just stay out of her bed. While the premise of Charlie All Night is a bit of a stretch and the actions of Allie and Charlie seem more than a little irresponsible both sexually and professionally, I can't argue that the story itself is light, fun entertainment with plenty of endearing moments. I enjoyed the banter and romantic development between Allie and Charlie. Crusie does banter and endearing really well and it's definitely in evidence here. There's not much to the plot, though, and with an original publication date of 1996, there's a dated feel to both the technology and equipment described in the station and a definite pre-Monica Lewinsky air of sexual permissiveness in the work place that didn't translate well for me. So long as you don't take the book too seriously, or expect much in the way of depth of plot or character, there's still a lot of entertainment to be had from the story of Charlie and Allie, two people who won't be poster children for sexual harassment litigation any time soon, but who still managed to make me chuckle. Originally reviewed by title for One Good Book Deserves Another.Remi and Sterling Make With Caution Shine A case of mistaken identity stripped Remington Lassiter of his humanity when he was viciously attacked and almost killed by a rogue werewolf in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Without-Reservations-With-or-Without-Book-1/dp/B000WCWVSA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Without Reservations: With or Without, Book 1</a>. Now he's trying to deal with the impulses of his new wolf nature, and it isn't helping his peace of mind that every time he gets anywhere around private investigator Jake Romero, Remi can't control his arousal. Finding out Jake is the one who saved his life by turning him werewolf and that Jake is his mate answers many of Remi's questions, but his little brother Sterling shows up, bruised and scared, and gives Remi a terrifying reminder of the consequences of being true to himself - and who would pay the most brutally for it. Remi's haunted by a recurring dream he doesn't fully understand, full of yearning for his mate, and desperately trying to save his little brother from their father. Being wolf has only complicated a difficult, tenuous existence. One that his father seems intent on ending. With a much smoother narrative, more realistic dialogue, and a deeper, more complex story, Langley has improved greatly on her With or Without series in this second installment. Remi and Jake are good together, and Remi's brother Sterling is utterly charming (high point of the book for me). Jake's partner Rhys and his friends are all strong secondary and ancillary characters, and the threat of Remi's father is far more intense and well developed than the suspense aspects of the previous book. Remi's past is brutal and heartbreaking, and the effects on his personality and character are realistic and traumatic. All in all the characters are likable and the story is sound. I did have a few issues, though. Remi and Jake were introduced in the previous book and while Jake was at most an ancillary character, Remi was more of a secondary character and was given more story time. The Remi of that book is virtually unrecognizable in this one, though. Some of his less pleasant actions and reactions in that one are explained, but there isn't enough to warrant the complete shift of personality to a loving, giving person who's first and last concern is for his brother. I liked him a lot more, don't get me wrong, but the inconsistency in his character was a problem for me. I also had a few problems with how Jake and Remi, and by extension, their friends and pack, dealt with the very serious threat of Remi's father. Not to mention my utter disgust over Remi's mother's willingness to stay in such a violently abusive relationship. It's tragically realistic - happens every day - but it's not something that makes for a pleasant read. And frankly, with so many werewolves around, I just couldn't understand why Remi's father didn't "accidentally" end up as dead as he deserved before the situation degenerated to the degree it did. Especially with the lives of Sterling and their mom on the line. It's not like precedent hadn't been set in the first book to allow for killing in self defense. As I've indicated in other reviews, my personal preferences for M/M romantic and sexual relationships trends away from dom/sub behavior and relationships, and that is theme in the sexual relationship between Jake and Remi. On top of that, Remi's willing submission further created an inconsistency in his personality between this book and the first. On a more pleasing note, Remi wasn't effeminate, nor as generally submissive in nature as Keaton was in the first book, even with his Omega status in the pack, so that helped. The surrounding story and the appeal of the characters allowed me to still enjoy the book, even with those issues. I was pleased to visit J.L. Langley's site and find out that the next book in the With or Without series is complete and with Langley's editor. If things go as indicated on her site, that book, WITH ABANDON, will be available in December of this year. I'm looking forward to it, but even more so Sterling and Rhys' book, WITHOUT FEAR, which is in production but on hold at the moment. There's just something about Langley's characters and the world that she's created here for this series that are appealing to me, even with the issues I had with this one and the last. More books in the series is good news. Warning: This book contains graphic and explicit (and hot!) M/M sexual scenes and situations and includes themes of sexual dominance and submission. Reviewed for One Good Book Deserves Another.
Wizard's Daughter I must say that this isn't one of Catherine Coulter's best books. She did this book and The Sherbrooke series an injustice. I normally love her books because of how the characters came alive and everything seems so realistic. But this was a mish-mosh of the Sherbrooke's we've all come to love and a bad paranormal romance. We didn't even find out who Rosalind really is and why she kept singing that sad song of hers until the near ending of the book. Coulter kept repeating the same things through out many of the chapters, I don't think I would recommend this book to a friend.
Not what I was expecting. OK. Not really easy to read/understand. I was a bit disappointed in this.
Misleading title and not so wondrous This was a seriously weird book. I think the title is misleading as Oscar Wao actually played quite a small role in it and I don't believe the author drew enough parallels to the larger story. The book is mostly a history of the Dominican Republic with most of the emphasis resting on the reign of terror imposed by the ruler for 31 years, Trujillo. While this was very interesting, the book is laced with nerdy references that don't strike me as the kind of thing someone interested in Dominican history would understand. If the phrase "He took 400 hit points of damage" for instance, doesn't make sense to you, then you should probably pass on this book. Another thing I didn't care for was the over use of harsh language and the frequent use of Spanish words and phrases with no translation. Tossing in a 'chica' or 'loco' every now and then is fine since the words are commonly known even by the least capable of linguists, but there were quite a few longer phrases and less commonly understood words throughout the book. I think the main character was just a bit too unbelievable and his life not wondrous at all. That said, I DID enjoy the history and I respect the author for writing a book that was clearly close to his heart. I listened to this on audio CD's I got from my library and the reader was awesome!
Three Stars It was an interesting read in 40+ years ago in HS but is really dated now.
Geez, I hope my life is more interesting! This was a mildly interesting, slightly humorous, day-to-day chronicle of a very boring guy's life. I found the historical insights engaging, and some of the daily activities of people in those days interesting. I wish that there had been a little more about the wider events that were happening beyond just the writer's activities. But, then, that would not have been in concert with the title of the book. The author certainly believed in truth in advertising. The title of the book says it all. It's a quick read and never complex.
Not for everyone, apparently. I saw how popular these are and gave it a shot. It just wasn't my cup of tea.
Ok It was an OK read. It didn't flow well for me and a lot of it seemed forced. I liked the plot and most of the characters, though Lainey was annoying after a while
Three Stars not a great read
I liked it :) I liked it....did not absolutely loved it though. This author has a way with words that just drew me in. I felt like I was there with the H/H. I wanted more to the story though and more insight to the characters.
Poetically written but tediously self-indulgent If I think of words to describe The Gathering, I think of words like "accomplished", "poetic", "beautifully written" - and this is all true, but nevertheless I never warmed to it. It felt tediously self-indulgent: strutting its stuff like a peacock, reveling in its own poetic beauty, but never drawing you in. The story is narrated by Veronica, who learns that her brother Liam has drowned. She has kept silent for years about an event than took part in their childhood, which she believes started him on his downward spiral. With his death, she is unable to maintain the faade of coping that has kept her going for so long. At the same time, all kind of thoughts and feelings about her family are coming to the fore. The book jumps about in time and tense, between real and imagined events, in a way that I often found confusing. It never feels like it's going anywhere in particular and some major plot points are written so obscurely that it's hard to be sure what is being described. Parts of this book are a joy to read. Some of the language is gorgeous. I really liked the way that Veronica described her relationship with her husband and children. Some of her passing observations are spot on. However much of the book was so verbose that I found it a struggle to maintain attention. The author also has an obsession with sex and genitalia which crops up throughout the book, often in a way that felt gratuitous - for example, did we really need a man at the church with an erection? Or a description of her husband's scrotum while he's sleeping? Or of her grandfather's physical reaction to meeting her grandmother? (In fairness to Enright, halfway through the book there is the revelation of an incident in the narrator's part which partially explains this obsession - but even so! It feels completely over the top). The ending does pull the book together well, but it's a long haul to get there.
Good for a Laugh This paranormal romance is presented as a comedy, a much lighter take on 'the vampire genre' then many you will find. This alone makes it stand out from the crowd, but despite the unique angle, it is not extraordinary. The Plot: Lissianna is a vampire who happens to be afflicted with hemophobia (she faints at the sight of blood). Greg is a psychologist who specializes in phobias. Lissianna's mother kidnaps Greg and presents him to Lissianna as a birthday present in hopes that he will cure her phobia. She, however, mistakes him for a snack--and also finds herself desperately attracted to him. The feeling is evidently mutual, thus romance ensues. The Best Thing About This Book: There really are some laugh-out-loud moments, especially in the beginning. It's situational comedy at its best. There are also some rather sweet moments between Greg and Lissianna. Sands does a fair job at establishing their feelings for one another, even in the midst of all the silliness. Why it Lost Two Stars: Despite the fact that this book is entertaining at times, overall it falls into the category of average. The world that Sands presents is not very unique when compared to anything else in the paranormal or fantasy genres. As such, experienced readers may find it predictable and boring. The characters are too many, and not all that well developed. We are presented with an entire cast of cousins, far to many to keep track of, and we really aren't told much about them to make them memorable. Even the main characters are undeveloped and somewhat unbelievable. I had particular trouble with Greg. I simply could not understand what motivated him throughout the story to stay with Lissianna, what kept him from being angry with her family, or why in the end he fell in love with her (the emotion is made plain, but not the rationale). There were moments in the plot, even those more serious moments, when I simply felt that the book was way to silly. The antics of the book's villain, a priest with a drive to kill vampires, were ridiculous and not particularly funny. I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a light, fun read. I advise that it is not meant to be taken seriously, and will likely not appeal to many of the more jaded paranormal romance readers.
CONCERNED ABOUT FREE TRIAL The Washington Post somehow appeared on my Kindle. It said I had to download their free app to read it and that I would have a free trial. I didn't do anything about it right away, but today I decided to check it out. I downloaded the app and read a few pages. Then it popped up with a calendar saying "13 days" and "Your free trial is about to end. Subscribe now and get 6 more months of full access for $1- that's just 17cents per month". Underneath is says "By tapping below and subscribing to The Washington Post you agree to our Terms....." Underneath that it has two boxes - "LATER" and "SIGN ME UP". Then is says "Your subscription will auto renew at the monthly rate of $3.99 after the promotion period ends." Although I found the content of The Washington Post interesting, I'm a bit worried about being locked into a subscription I can't afford. How can I cancel this subscription please?
... must read to know what (one set of) the bad guys have on their minds A must read to know what (one set of) the bad guys have on their minds.
I had high hopes but was disappointed. Recently, Ive been in a contemporary romance reading slump, so Ive been diving into paranormal romances instead, and the Argeneau series was brought to my attention via an Avon newsletter. I was interested in one of the newer titles in the series, but I decided to go back and start with the first book in the series. I was excited because as a whole, the series seems to be well praised. And the synopsis of the first book, A Quick Bite, is intriguing and offers a unique story line for a vampire read. But, while I didn't hate the book, I did find myself disappointed with it. A Quick Bite introduces us to the Argeneau family, but the focus is on Lissianna Argeneau, a hundreds of years old vampire who tends to faint at the sight of blood. Like, how awesome is that? Here we have a vampirea species that needs blood in order to survivethat cant stand even seeing the tiniest drop of blood. How does she combat that? How is she surviving? Its actually quite a humorous set up, and I thoroughly enjoy the idea of a vampire who is afraid of blood. In an effort to help Lissianna overcome her fear, her mother kidnaps Dr. Gregory Hewitta doctor who specializes in phobiasto give to Lissianna as a birthday present. The only thing is, Lissianna doesnt realize that the hot guy tied to her bed is a birthday present that is NOT there for her tasting pleasure. Who can blame her for wanting to take a quick bite from Gregs delicious-looking neck? Once she finds out that Greg is there to help her overcome her phobia, Lissianna is in shock. Did she just accidentally seduce her doctor? Ummmyeah. And shes also in shock that Greg isn't calm and serene like the people her mother normally compels to bring home. Hes very much aware of the fact that hes been kidnapped, and hes not okay with iteven if there is a sexy, vixen vampire offering him more passion than hes ever felt before. Lissianna feels so bad about what her mother has done, that she helps Greg escape and takes him back to his home. Yet, somehow, they keep finding themselves together again. Because now Lissianna must protect Greg from her uncle who has the power to turn his brain to mush. I was honestly so disappointed in the direction this story went. It became more about protecting Greg from a threat that ultimately wasn't a real threata threat that distracted them from the real threat, which was so obvious to me as a reader that I couldn't understand how Lissianna was missing it. She wasn't very intelligent. And Lissiannas phobia was forgotten for a big part of the story, and when it was addressed, it was addressed in a poor and uneventful way. I guess I was just expecting that to be a bigger part of the story, and I don't knowI just wasn't excited by this read. Sure, the sexual chemistry was there, but I was off-put by what felt like a case of insta-love. Furthermore, I felt like Gregs feelings toward having to leave his family if he wanted to be with Lissianna were not complex enough and not realistic. I mean, I know Im reading a paranormal romanceI don't expect it to be realistic, but I do expect it try to aim for some sense of relatability. The writing was just sub-par, and I did find it difficult to keep all of the cousins straight at times. But I will say that I will eventually continue with this series. Lissiannas brothers and Thomas intrigued me, and I have a feeling that the writing and storylines will improve. Maybe Ill even grow to like Lissianna and Greg as I get to know them more. I guess we will see! Originally reviewed at Bridget's Book Bungalow.
Use the online version. App is slow, usually doesn't update properly and getting to pictures etc. Is difficult. The online version works significantly easier and better.
A graphic rendering of the classic Communist Manifesto A graphic rendering of the classic Communist Manifesto by Karl Marx and Frederich Engels. Doesn't present the philosophical theory of historical materialism nearly as well as the original pamphlet, written about 120 years ago and still being read!
hmmmm. Of all the brother's stories that I've read from the Westmorelands, I like this one the least..the story was slow...i still have not finished reading it...I have moved on to Clint and Cole...even Durango, but this one I did not like...It was slow and hard to follow.sorry BJ
Three Stars Decent mystery, not my usual genre, but it definitely kept my attention.
Fields to Factories Fields to Factories. After the West outlawed agricultural slave trade, which still is in full effect in most of Afrique and Asien, a new slavery was underway. Factory slaves from women and children to men, 7 days a week 12+ hours a day, was the new rich-slaving-the poor modus operandi. A couple Euro erudites wrote about a plan B or work around for these captains of industry who enslaved Industrial Age workers. Marx, for some reason, got most of the name recognition. Communism was the supposed cure for the horrible things rich holes were doing to human capital, working them to death for abhorrent wages. And we spent the next 2 world wars and 100 years of on & off Cold War fighting that putrid faade for totalitarianism, Marx's vision, Communism. This is the idealist's playbook. This is what the psychotics used for killing the Tsar and his wife and babies, then the 30 million Stalin murders. I had to see what started it all.
Three Stars history reference
sweet but barely exciting liked ok but liked next one much better. both main characters bland and pretty sterotypical...
Short Stories I wasn't prepared for this to be short stories so it took me a while to appreciate them. This book was full of "lessons" that L'Amour wanted written; the lessons seemed forced and I didn't feel this was his best work. I bought this for the Kindle...sure do love that and the ability to buy and receive books right away. Can't be beat!
Just read it Albeit by far this is not the best IJ's book it'll keep you reading. The problem is that a 21 years kid, or young girl, or gal, or filly, or whatever you can call her, makes all the decisions and nobody can't stop her. Not even her parents, or boyfriend, or friends, or anybody. She decides to go after a goon by herself and everybody says: "I don't agree but I can't stop you". I think that this is a little bit far fetched. And at the end. The book doesn't have an end. So if you'll decide to read this book, just read it with out thinking too much and maybe you'll enjoy it.Just read it Albeit by far this is not the best IJ's book it'll keep you reading. The problem is that a 21 years kid, or young girl, or gal, or filly, or whatever you can call her, makes all the decisions and nobody can't stop her. Not even her parents, or boyfriend, or friends, or anybody. She decides to go after a goon by herself and everybody says: "I don't agree but I can't stop you". I think that this is a little bit far fetched. And at the end. The book doesn't have an end. So if you'll decide to read this book, just read it with out thinking too much and maybe you'll enjoy it.Trilogy? I read this trilogy and these books have noting in common. You can read the last one first or second. It doesn't matter. About the book: Is fast paced but it has parts where it goes out of reality. That doesn't mean is a bad book but the best of this "trilogy" was the second book, which I read first. "Fatal Secrets"Not her best While the book is fast paced and thrilling I felt something missing. It's not that easy to be an acupuncturist. In that part AB. could elaborate more. I have more examples but with them I'll spoil your book. Still this is a good reading. I read before this one "Fatal Secrets" and that book was awesome.Not AB's best The book will keep you reading... at the beginning. As you keep going forward the plot is a little repetitive - you'll read how the victims were murdered about five times. The way the profiler knew who was Robin's friend killer is almost pathetic. Then before you reach the end you'll know how it'd be. So if you read this book don't expect the best of the writer.Not what I thought The book'll keep you interested just enough to keep reading. The story goes back so many times to what happened 5 years before that you'll bore just reading it too many times. The love story is kind of unreal and pathetic. The end has overly flaws just to end it like a fairy tale. So if you don't have anything else, read this one but don't expect much of it.The same story thrice Albeit this is a good book and so well paced that you won't be able to put it down is almost a copy of its prequels: The plot: In the three books is the same. Twenty years or more before a killer kills somebody. After twenty years the next of kin of the victim became an FBI agent and she captures the killer. The love story: In the three books she's (like that yore song) Torn Between Two Lovers. So if you already read one of the prequels you don't have to read this book because is exactly the same. Or if this is your first one you'll enjoy it but you don't have to read the other two.
Three Stars Very usefull
could have found a better way for them to meet this one was so hard for me to read..and the daughter was one the dumbest mission to find her mother who had clearly told her more or less she was fine...and i have to agree with what someone else said about her books..why are they in such a rush to get married
The Science of Getting Rich is about encouragement I thought this was the book by the same name written by Bob Proctor of Amway fame. I will go back and read this again.
Not really up to Moon's standards Kylara Vatta is just about to graduate at the top of her class from her planet's space academy when her helpful nature is taken advantage of by a younger cadet with a grudge against the military. Exactly what happened, and why it's a Bad Thing, is never really explained, but Ky ends up taking the heat and is thrown out. Luckily (or not), she's the younger daughter of a wealthy space mercantile company and her father and uncle pack her off on a routine voyage -- her first command, though a very small one -- to remove her from the public eye and the reach of the media. And, since she's a Vatta, her elders are pretty sure she'll stray from the job they gave her in search of trade and profit, since they all did the same thing their first time out. Sure enough, Ky and her ship and her small crew (the senior members of whom have been given a certain amount of babysitting to do) take on a contract that leads them off their assigned mission, and into a suddenly erupting war zone. And the action proceeds from there, more or less satisfactorily, most of the time. Moon has a military background herself and is quite capable of producing headlong adventure with strong female characters (the Deed of Paksenarrion trilogy comes to mind), but this one seems rather bland, somehow. The style is meant to be introspective from young Ky's point of view -- will she ever get people to take her seriously? -- but comes off being superficial, somehow. There's no real science here, either, the technology of FTL and all that being passed over in jargon, but that's a tradition in SF juveniles. So while this is a perfectly readable way to spend a Saturday afternoon, it's not at all memorable and not even close to the author's best.
Not enough of a plot Lady Jessamine is ready to marry anyone but her intended, even Llew, the older of three bastards sons, known as the Demons of Dunmore. Jess and Llew strike a deal : he will not beat her or treat her cruelly and she will do anything he requires in bed. There is a plot, but a very thin one. The numerous and graphic sex scene overtake what little story there is. Faery characters intervene but not much is known about them or their mission. The fantasy elements are really severely lacking for this genre. I could sense a better novel under all the going-ons in the bedroom. Too bad the author chose to showcase sex instead of her characters or story-line. Still, if you're looking for erotica and you're into voyeurism, this is for you.
I love the NYT -- sometimes. (Personalizing my experience.) When I first got my Kindle, one of the first things I did was take advantage of the 30 trial and subscribe to the NYT. At that time I think the monthly rate was either 11 something or 13 something. The novelty of it was great at first. Seriously, the only thing that makes a person feel spoiled about waking is a newspaper delivered right to your bedside is a butler and breakfast in bed, or so I imagine. It didn't particularly bother me about the features missing because the price was good and the convenience was amazing. In the middle of nowhere, it was feasible to get most, if not all, of the news that's fit to print. Good deal. The paper is usually a delight, but here's where the practical came in. I ended up falling into a pattern of not reading it every day, and what was initially perfectly fine. The subscription was a bargain. The paper was there on the days I wanted it. When they announced the subscription hike, I knew it wasn't for me, because it made it feel wasteful, it made me feel guilty to think of not reading it daily. Once something I read in my leisure time feels like an obligation... In my case, and your needs might be quite different, the folks at the paper priced it right off my Kindle -- except by invitation. There are still periodicals I do subscribe to, like Time and Newsweek, blogs like Slate, and a few others where the prices are in a range that I don't feel horrible if I skip an issue. With newspapers, however, I prefer to buy a single issue when I feel like it or if there's an event I see as historical. Sunday usually has me buying 3-4 papers to read over breakfast and throughout the day. (NYT, of course, The Sunday NYT is heaven; my hometown paper, The Detroit Free Press; The San Francisco Chronicle; and often the Boston Globe. I feel more spoiled than ever now, because I'm taking advantage of having the papers *I* want, when I want them, without getting the editions I don't want, and it takes 2 minutes to select and receive them. When I hear of a good article on a day when I haven't purchased, it's usually found online. My recommendation is to get the trial and see what you think. See if you read it daily. See if it feels like a bargain. The beauty of the Kindle format is the convenience and so it only matters what method works for you -- subscription or my method of buying as needed. The NYT is 4 or 5 stars on the days I read it, but too expensive for me to maintain a subscription and allow issues to remain unread, so I'm giving it 3 stars overall since most people are probably reading this with subscribing in mind and strongly suggesting potential subscribers take advantage of the trial period.
It was a nice story I thought this was a lovely story. Not amazing like "The Help", for example, but a cute story that was entertaining albeit not a page-turner.
i THOUGHT THE BOOK WAS OKAY. THE STORYLINE WAS ... i THOUGHT THE BOOK WAS OKAY. THE STORYLINE WAS INTERESTING BUT THERE WERE TO MANY UNANSWERED QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE SEPARATION OF THE SISTERS, THE FATHER,ETC.
Sweet and romantic More like 2.5 stars Standard m/m werewolf romance. There was not much in the way of *being* wolves, although I guess one of the protagonists had an excuse to not think of using his wolf form to solve problems with or as a way to spend time with the people he wanted to spend time with. While the monogamous sex-fest labelled itself as Dom/sub, by those standards it was very very tame. No glaring editing errors. If you feel like a Dewey-eyed pedestrian romance to soothe your soul, this will do it, and make you want to read the set-up following relationship.
Good but not stunning I did like The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao by Junot Diaz. . . but I didn't love it. I LOVED This is How You Lose Her so much more! I think it's partly because I love the character Yunior and he plays a much smaller part in The Brief. In the book, Oscar is a kind of pathetic kid, nerdy, overweight, and not very successful with the ladies. Could it be because of a family curse? However, I still recommend this book because it was good and because I got to meet Junot Diaz and he seems to be amazingly awesome. And there are some cool quotes, such as: "It was the curse that made me do it, you know." "I don't believe in that s***, Oscar. That's our parents' s***." "It's ours, too, he said." - p 194 and. . . "Nothing more exhilarating (he wrote) than saving yourself by the simple act of waking." - p 201 Thanks for reading, Rebecca @ Love at First Book
Not real sure yet After reading how I feel about the book. I have listened to him speak about his experience and I was touched and moved. I need to think more about some of the aspects of this book that bother me a great deal and I will follow up with another review.
Political Classic...read for historical insight My son required a copy of "The Communist Manifesto" for a philosophy class. After he was done with it, I decided to read it since this was one of the founding documents for Communism. I found it difficult to decide how to rate this book. The presentation of Manifesto by Penguin in this book is excellent. The central ideas of the Manifesto itself are disturbing. Should you read the Communist Manifesto? Yes. Is this a good presentation? Yes. Was Communism envisioned by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels a good idea? No. So I have compromised between the excellent presentation and the ideas espoused by the Manifesto in selecting an average rating. Some reviewers feel that the Manifesto's critique of capitalism is right on; I have grave doubts. Marx and Engels were critiquing capitalism from an ivory tower. Their remedies for capitalism show that they had no real experience or contact with the workers in the trenches. Some reviewers have mentioned the changing of labor laws due to the Manifesto, such as child labor laws (a generally agreed good thing). I believe those laws would have changed if the Manifesto had never been written. I believe those reviewers are seeing cause and effect relationships where there is none. I believe labor leaders in non-Communist states, pushing for change in labor laws, did not need belief in Communism behind them to push for change. Even without Communism, they would have done what they did anyways because the labor leaders came up from the laboring trenches. They knew first hand the abuses going on. The writers of the Manifesto did not; their ideas were theoretical. I know my ideas, in this area, are conjectures of what would have happened without the Manifesto, without Communism; there is no way they can be proven, history cannot be rewritten. The remedy proposed by Marx and Engels is frightening. It foreshadows exactly how Communism gave birth to totalitarian states, to Communist dictatorships. Their remedy for capitalism requires a select group of leaders (Communist elitists) to force Communism onto the populace for the good of the people. We should all be suspicious of anyone who professes an idea that is for the good of the people because it invariably is not good for the people. To paraphase Lord Acton, "power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely," and the states envisioned by the writers of the Manifesto set up perfect conditions of absolute power (for the good of the people) which in practice led to absolutely corrupt power. History has shown there has been extreme abuse by Communist leaders, who became power meglomanics, of the masses of workers in their states. Indeed, history has repeatedly shown that the concentration of power in the hands of a select few led to abuse of power. The smaller the select, the greater the abuse. This has been true regardless of the political theories espoused by the leaders. Let this be a cautionary tale to all of us.
Couldn't find my old copy since I moved. This ... Couldn't find my old copy since I moved. This is simply for research and comparison to where we are today.
Important but tedious expose on Haitian culture This was a very illuminating expose on Haitian culture, on the corruption that pervades and perverts a former colony, and on the ghosts that travel with expats from place to place, and are passed from generation to generation. In those respects, I got value from this book. However the style was agitating, none of the characters particularly likable, especially the 'hero' and it was convoluted and slow paced, so I felt like I was gritting my teeth to get through it out of duty, since it was an "important" book. I guess its artful literary fiction but it wasn't fun to read, in my opinion, and I don't like to work that hard when I'm reading.
