Ripoff magazine and email spammers Do not ever subscribe to this magazine. And if you ever make the mistake, first create a new email before subscribing. They make it a hassle to cancel your subscription to the magazine, and never take you off their email list. NO MATTER how many times you unsubscribe, they will continue to SPAM you. This is one of the most unethical unprofessional ripoff magazines ever.
Don't get stung This is the complete review as it appears <a href="http://ianwoodnovellum.blogspot.com/2014/10/the-secret-life-of-bees-by-sue-monk-kidd.html">at my blog dedicated to reading, writing (no 'rithmatic!), movies, & TV</a>. Blog reviews often contain links which are not reproduced here, nor will updates or modifications to the blog review be replicated here. Graphic and children's reviews on the blog typically feature two or three images from the book's interior, which are not reproduced here. Note that I don't really do stars. To me a book is either worth reading or it isn't. I can't rate it three-fifths worth reading! The only reason I've relented and started putting stars up there is to credit the good ones, which were being unfairly uncredited. So, all you'll ever see from me is a five-star or a one-star (since no stars isn't a rating, unfortunately). I rated this book WARTY! WARNING! MAY CONTAIN UNHIDDEN SPOILERS! PROCEED AT YOUR OWN RISK! I am seriously going to have to quit reading certain categories of novel - novels which have titles like The Mermaid Chair and The invention of Wings. Anything which won a 'medal' is out. Medals are for heroes. I see nothing heroic and everything formulaic about the bulk of such pretentious novels. What else can we ditch? Well, anything which includes a female name in the title (with few exceptions), such as An Abundance of Katherines, and especially if the name does double duty, such as Looking for Alaska. Anything which includes 'dreams' or 'stars' in the title, such as The Fault in Our Stars. Anything which uses a bad or sad and weak metaphor, such as Paper Towns. Oh, and one more which just came to mind: anything which uses a reference to botany or zoology as a comment on human behavior or the human condition, and then employs quotes from some book on the topic as chapter headers is right out. Which explains my attitude towards this novel. Fortunately, I got it on close-out, so I don't feel robbed. Since it was taking me forever to get to the print version I had of this, I actually pulled it from the library on audio disk so I could listen to it on my daily commute. I quite liked the reading voice at first, since it seemed to match the character, but I discovered after several disks that I probably wouldn't want to spend much time with this character if all I ever got out of her was this flat, rather monotonic slightly southern twang which wasn't so peachy after a while. Nevertheless, I managed to listen all the way through which was more than I can say for several other audio books I've had to endure! One major problem with this novel is that it really doesn't know what it wants to be. On the one hand, its a rather unconvincing tale of a young teen's escape from an abusive father. On the other, its a white person once again coming to the rescue of black folks - because y'all know they sure cain't hep th'sel's. Talking of heroic, Martin Luther King was a hero, and he's rightly held in high esteem, but I think its really sad that he fomented an escape from a situation where one race appallingly abused another, while he never himself escaped another kind of slavery: that which goes hand-in-hand with organized religion. But I digress. This novel is set in the summer of 1964, when Lily Melissa Owens, the fourteen-year-old, is a very effectively a white slave on her father's peach plantation. She has grown-up thinking she shot her mom (accidentally), and now all she has is a father, Terrance Ray Owens. For reason unexplained, she addresses him as T-Ray, and he punishes her by making her kneel on grits. The family has a house slave, Rosaleen, who is Lily's stand-in mom. One day, while accompanying Rosaleen into town so the latter can register to vote, Lily observes Rosaleen perpetrate the idiotic act of 'repaying' verbal abuse from some local jerks by dribbling snuff juice over their shoes. She's arrested and tossed into jail along with Lily, who is shortly thereafter picked up by T-Ray. After T-Ray explains that Rosaleen is lucky to even be alive, Lily discovers that Rosaleen was beaten and is in hospital, so she engineers her escape, and they flee to Tiburon, a nearby town which holds an attraction to Lily because she believes her mother lived there. By unbelievably miraculous once in a billion coincidence, Rosaleen and Lily end up at exactly the same house in which her mother did indeed stay for a while before her death. That's pretty much the entire story, but of course, the author puts the pedal to the medal and runs on long after this because clearly this is nowhere near enough angst, suffering, metaphor, and cuteness to make it medal material. So we start with a young girl in a kind of slavery, and we end with her in a different kind of slavery, albeit less abusive. We start with her knowing precisely nothing about exactly what happened that fateful day when her mom was shot, and we end with her knowing precisely nothing about exactly what happened that fateful day when her mom was shot. We start with her living a sheltered life, and we end with her living a sheltered life. We start with her having a father and no mother, and we end with her having a father and no mother. Rosaleen starts out as a housekeeper, and she ends-up as a housekeeper. She starts out unregistered to vote, and she ends-up unregistered to vote. Alrighty then. Quite frankly I don't see the point of this novel. I would have liked it better had it not trivialized African American struggles by including two stories of a person of color being arrested for a legitimate offence, and trying to portray it as an abuse. There was no need to include the struggle for equal rights in a story which had nothing to do with that struggle, so I assume it was done merely show the story's medal, er mettle. The story rambled far too much. It went on an on about trivial details which did nothing to paint a better picture or to move the story along. It was boring and predictable, and it had nothing whatsoever to do with bees (except in that Lily's middle name is from the Greek for 'bee'), beehives, honey, or secret lives. Frankly, Lily Melissa ought to have been named Mary Sue. This sad excuse for a novel was actually a waste of my time.
Not very good... I just could not get through this book. The story line was so contrived and the characters were idiotic. I never finished it. Don't think I'll be going back for any more by this author.
Uneasy View of Heaven The book is entertaining and frightening in places, but it's quite a bit different from other NDEs. In Storm's account, God is not a personal being, but a nebulous light with lesser lights fluttering around above. There're no streets, roads, buildings or ancestors. Angels don't have human forms and I'm troubled that Storm's experience is so vividly different than those of others. Storm obviously experienced a life-changing event, but I'm troubled by his insistence that there will be no more world wars (there will be), nuclear detonations (there will be) and that man will become better until 200 years from now, man will reach a near perfect state. I enjoyed&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/I-Stand-All-Amazed-Love-and-Healing-from-Higher-Realms/dp/193098099X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">I Stand All Amazed: Love and Healing from Higher Realms</a>&nbsp;much more and recommend that. Also Lance Richardson's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Message/dp/1889025046/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Message</a>.Of Course it's Conservative!!! To those who seem to have only now discovered this book is "conservative," congratulations! The definition of conserve is "to protect from loss or harm," and the author is trying his best to argue that the Supreme Court today is causing loss and harm to a quaint old document we call the Constitution of the United States. In fact, Dr. Levin makes no bones about rolling back the clock and taking government back from these appointed dictators who have given themselves the power to change the Constitution by a simple majority vote. But even liberals can be conservative about some things, and vice versa, and Levin makes the stark point that if we ignore this problem and wait for someone else to do something about it, we'll one day wake up in a country the founders would have taken up arms to overthrow! To those who read this book and think the balance of powers between the three branches of government is how it should be, congratulate yourselves for helping to pave the road ahead to fascism. In fact, this book is so conservative in wanting to preserve the original intent of the founders, that were they here today, all of them -- even Hamilton -- would strongly endorse what Levin has written. It's the clarion call to resistance, and Democrats and Rempublicans would do well to heed this warning, because if it's not read now, it will certainly be read by future generations studying the fall of the United States.
Useless! I downloaded this initially onto my Kindle, but later deleted it as being useless.
Could not finish this travesty I stopped reading this book when Carrie McGavock, a character based on a real person, beat a wounded soldier with a crutch. This rambling tome insults the memory of the McGavock family, and of the men and women who lived in Williamson County during those turbulent years. Sullying the life of Mrs. McGavock by having her engaging in an affair with a man outside of marriage was just too much for me to stomach. Mr. Hicks should be ashamed. He, at least, should have changed the names and location.
Rubbish manifesto Badly wrirren manifestoRubbish manifesto Badly written manifesto.
One Star Garbage. Author is a delusional nutjob that should have been locked away.
Should have been Better Some very interesting descriptions on how awful working conditions in the early twentieth century were, before the labor union movement let to the creation of the middle class and the equality and prosperity we enjoyed up until 1980. The sory wasn't very interesting and the ending was overly slick and to me a cop-out
Boring I give this 2 stars because I have read worse books. This book is very boring. Very "yadda, yadda" type. I don't recommend it.
Argeneau book 1 Lissianna has an unusual problem for a vampire - she faints at the sight of blood! As you can imagine that makes life extremely difficult for her and her family are all worried about how hard it is for her to feed. Her mother decides to take matters into her own hands and she kidnaps a psychologist who specialises in phobias so that he can help Lissianna get over her fears. Things start to go wrong when Lissianna wrongly assumes that Greg is her dinner rather than her doctor but surely one quick bite isn't going to do any harm? I've been wanting to try the Argeneau series for such a long time now so when I was offered a review copy of A Quick Bite I was really excited and couldn't wait to get started. I'm a huge paranormal romance fan, it's one of my go to genres and I'll never get tired of reading about vampires and other creatures that go bump in the night. I picked this up expecting a fairly light and funny read along the lines of Katie MacAlister's Dark Ones series and I have to say for the first couple of chapters I thought that was exactly what I had got but unfortunately the humour got old very fast and I ended up hating most of the characters. Lissianna is a 200 year old vampire but along with her cousins (some of whom are even older than she is!) she acts like a 12 year old tween most of the time. They were all just so incredibly childish that it was hard to take any of them seriously and I ended up getting really annoyed with all of them. The way they all kept spying on Lissianna and Greg was just creepy and so was the way everyone could read his mind and know that he was constantly thinking how hot she was. I just got very tired of all the erection jokes! On the subject of Greg I thought is reactions to the situation he found himself in were completely unbelievable. He wakes up in a strange house tied to the bed after arriving in very unusual circumstances yet he's more interested in the thought of being the beautiful stranger's willing sex slave than he is about trying to escape. We get told a lot about how attracted they are to each other but if I'm honest I just didn't feel the chemistry between them, it all felt very clinical and there wasn't enough of a build up for me to feel invested in their relationship. Although this story is mainly focused on the romance there was also a bit of a suspense plot in the background with someone attempting to murder Lissianna. That could have added something to the book and made it much more interesting apart from the fact that a five year old would have been able to tell you who was behind the attempt pretty much the first time we met their character. It was so completely obvious that the perpetrator might as well have been walking around with "I'm a Vampire Hunter" tattooed across their forehead yet Lissianna didn't once think to question their weird behaviour. To put it politely Lissianna is an idiot, I think this quote says it all: Lissianna shook her head, thinking it was rather amazing she'd survived to reach two hundred if she'd made many mistakes like that over the years. Honestly I'm not sure how she made it to 200 either, she made so many stupid mistakes when it came to feeding that I stopped counting them but I feel like I spent half the book rolling my eyes at her. I'm just so disappointed that this book didn't work for me because I had such high hopes for it in the beginning. I am kind of tempted to give the next book a try though, first books in a series can always be a bit hit and miss and since this series is still going strong after 24 books have been published there must be something good about it. So I may give it a second chance at some point but unfortunately I don't think I'll be in any rush, not when there are so many other books on my TBR pile that I'm actually excited about reading. Source: Received from Gollancz in exchange for an honest review
The WSJ Has Gone to Pot! The WSJ for Kindle is overpriced, and the customer service has gone completely haywire since the newspaper was bought out. I have read and subscribed by Kindle, print edition, and iPhone app (WSJ Mobile). Unfortunately, they are all horrible in contebt delivery--even though the writing is still superb--and try calling them. 10 minute waits to speak to someone in a different country who will put you on hold, and then when you try to cancel, it is abysmal. More waiting. I will never be part of WSJ Online, pinrt, Mobile or Kindle after my recent experiences. Again, the company has been bought out and is now on its way out. Beware.Too provincial. I am not from Washington, but enjoy good media. Unfortuntely, the Washington Post is mostly about politics, or the Redskins and other local stories pertient only to Washington DC. Whereas the NY Times is more international, and the Wall Street Journal is very business oriented but at least national, the Wash. Post is very narrow. I unsubscribed.Worthwhile Investment for your Kindle: $1.99 per month I enjoy the Wall Street Journal, but being a daily publication, I wanted more up-to-date news breaks. The NY Times Blog solves the issue. It pumps news stories to the Kindle every 3-4 hours, and the stories appear to be comprehensive, well-written, each about 1000 words long, and there are approximately 8-12 headlines active at a time. So, it is not the NY Times newspaper itself regarding content amount, but getting thousands of words of up to date info effortlessly every few hours, 24/7, is well worth the $1.99 monthly. The stories are more timely than even the NY Times subscription newspaper. I have used the experimental web feature of the Kindle to secure news stories, and while that works also, it is more cumbersome, slower, takes more clicks of the wheel, and it not a neat and tidy as having active headlines 24/7 "pushed" to the device. I did the trial subscription to Reuters headlines and found it far inferior to the NY Times Headlines for content, photos, navigability, and writing quality. Try both the Times and the Reuters and the difference will stun you. The NY Times blog even has photos for almost every article that are good quality, and is easy to navigate and read. Highly recommended.
All about the sex scenes (almost) and NOT historical I completed a rough estimate of the explicit scenes and discovered they make up about 83% of this story. Which wouldn't be horrible if they added to the plot. The book itself is actually very good, especially close to the end. However, at one point I found myself just skipping through page after page so I could get back to the main story line. My other issue with this book is its claim to be a historical romance. It has NO historical accuracy to speak of. This should be classified as fantasy, sexually explicit fantasy. Some readers may really enjoy this book. I was just frustrated by the blatant historical inaccuracies and the repeated disruption of a decent story with gratuitous sex.
It was like she did not really have a story and needed ... Lisa Scottoline's previous books were OK. This one was all fill in. It was like she did not really have a story and needed to fill it up with room, dress, and people descriptions. I spent a lot of time scan reading to finally get to the story. All in all the story was not only poorly crafted it was not even slightly believable. I have all her books listed to read but I am not sure I will. Need to think about it.
boring All I can say is that this book was boring. I didn't care what happened to any of the characters. I have read her Agents Savich and Sherlock books and enjoyed them.
A Work That Became Dated Soon After Publication, When Marx Noticed That Wages Were Rising In England A dated work, soon after its publication on February 21, 1848. It should be stressed for the novice to this subject, all three volumes of Capital provide a scientific explanation, as Marx put it, of how the Capitalist system works from the perspective that labor is the underlying essence of all value. If one accepts the basic assumptions made early in Chapter 1 of Capital, Volume 1--that abstract labor is the source of value(1)--Marx's logic flows well, not only through Volume 1, but all the way through Volume 3. If one is looking to fault Marx's economics based on the works of Capital, one will come up empty not only because Marx's logic is flawless, but as economist and former Marxist Thomas Sowell says, " ...Marx considered the idea of proving a concept to be ridiculous. Moreover, Engels had asserted...that one only proves one's ignorance of dialectics by thinking of it as a means by which things can be proved."(2) However, there was one instance where Marx let his dialectical guard down, allowing for an empirical objection that would consign all of Marx's works for naught. Sowell himself touches upon the specific passage where Marx cornered himself, but doesn't appreciate the full ramifications of Marx's observation. In the "The Poverty of Philosophy" (1847) Marx says, "In acquiring new productive forces men change their mode of production; and in changing their mode of production, in changing the way of earning their living, they change all their social relations. The handmill [a productive force] gives you society with the feudal lord, the steam-mill [a productive force], society with the industrial capitalist."(3) Sowell argues regarding Marx's handmill/steam-mill analogy, "If read literally, these words suggest a one-way causation and explanation of given states of being rather than of transformation. But that is clearly inconsistent both with Marx's and Engels' own treatment of history and with the dialectical conception of reciprocal interaction. These words are perhaps best read as epigrams-and of the dangers of misunderstanding inherent in that writing style."(4) Is Sowell correct? Was Marx merely being terse with his handmill/steam-mill analogy? While Sowell is indeed correct that Marx and Engles viewed the unfolding of history as a "dialectical conception of reciprocal interaction", that observation does not answer the question: What comes first? The machinery, or new social relations, derived from machines, that interacts with the old social relations to produce the new hybrid social relations? Marx was emphatic that machines came first, then all else followed them. In his retort to Pierre-Joseph Proudhon's observation that the use of machines was a consequence of the division of labor,(5) Marx writes: "Thus it is slapping history in the face to want to begin by the division of labor in general, in order to get subsequently to a specific instrument of production, machinery. Machinery is no more an economic category than the bullock that drags the plough. Machinery is merely a productive force. The modern workshop, which depends on the application of machinery, is a social production relation, an economic category."(6) The problem with this empirical observation is that before there was a steam mill there already existed an industrial capitalist society that not only contained the requisite industrial capitalist mode of production that manufactured the necessary constituent parts that went into the creation of the steam mill (there were many companies involved in the problem-solving for and manufacture of components that went into a steam engine), but this pre-steam mill society also contained an already sophisticated industrial capitalist labor force that made the constituent parts for the steam mill, not to mention built the steam mill itself. Contemporaneous with the industrial capitalist production of steam engines, there existed the production of the machines that the steam engines would power. In other words, the steam mill presupposes an already functioning industrial capitalist society! Marx's rebuke to Proudhon is a tautological response that also fails to recognize that a steam engine is made up of independently manufactured parts that predates the manufacture of a steam engine with those independently manufactured parts! Marx fails to mention this double inconsistency with his material "productive forces" empirical observation. Simplified, Marx is speaking of the root cause for industrial Capitalism...the steam engine, but that beginning of industrial Capitalism only exists to the extent of (1) the already existing industrial Capitalist division of labor that manufactured the component parts for the steam engine; (2) the already existing industrial Capitalist capital goods/intermediate goods industries that manufactured the constituent parts that went into the construction of the steam engine; (3) the already existing industrial Capitalist capital goods/intermediate goods industries that manufactured the machines that the steam engine powers; and (4) an already existing industrial Capitalist division of labor that manufactures those machines powered by the steam engine! When the first steam-mill was completed supposedly, according to Marx, 'giving' a society with industrial Capitalism, in fact industrial Capitalism, and an industrial Capitalist division of labor, already existed, and would have to already be in existence otherwise there could be no steam-mills and the machines they were created to power! Marx behaves like a child throwing a tantrum: Machines come first, then all else follows. Why? Because Marx said so, even though the historical record says otherwise! In fact, and unknown to Ricardian economists or Marx, industrial Capitalism couldn't have emerged without the conscious decision of nations to allow for the rise of interest rates to free market heights, abandoning low interest rates policies, such low interest rates policies making possible the Mercantilist pre-industrial Capitalist era. Only with higher, market-based, interest rates is it possible to accumulate the necessary large quantities of capital for industrial enterprise. During the Mercantilist era low interest rates ensured that only consumption-based investments could take place, such investments requiring relatively little capital expenditures, such low capital expenditures being a function of the expected return on the investment, which return is based on the low interest rate policy being followed by Mercantilist nations. Industrial ventures, on the other hand, require large expenditures of capital, such amounts only made possible by a higher rate of return that can recoup the larger capital outlay, a higher rate of return that is made possible only with higher, market-based, interest rates. We therefore see that not only was it necessary to already have an existing industrial Capitalist division of labor before machines made their appearance, there also needed to be in existence the requisite financing for the new machines to come into existence, meaning a new industrial Capitalist financial setup (where market-based, higher, interest rates are the norm) was a necessary precursor for the emergence of industrial Capitalism. ------------------------------ (see first comment for available links to titles cited) 1. Capital, Karl Marx, p. 27. 2. Marxism: Philosophy and Economics, Thomas Sowell, p. 109 3. The Poverty of Philosophy, p. 122 (takes into account the changes and corrections introduced by Marx into the copy presented to N. Utina in 1876). 4. Marxism: Philosophy and Economics, Thomas Sowell, p. 56. 5. Division of labor, then, is the first phase of economic evolution as well as of intellectual development: our point of departure is true as regards both man and things, and the progress of our exposition is in no wise arbitrary. The Philosophy of Poverty, Pierre-Joseph Proudhon (1847). 6. The Poverty of Philosophy, p. 149 (takes into account the changes and corrections introduced by Marx into the copy presented to N. Utina in 1876). ---------------------------------------- Revised Addendum: Formulated on February 25, 2014, 10:30 AM EST Proof that Marx's Law of Value (which posits that labor is the sole source of value, imputing that value into commodities) is in error: If all the machines created throughout the history of man were to have been kept within the confines of the minds of their creators, that is never manufactured, would such machines be imputed with value in a Marxist sense? Yes, they should equal the POTENTIAL value of their labor. Now, since actual labor is required for there to be potential value, and there is no actual labor to speak of, then the potential imputation of labor value into machines/commodities is zero, and therefore Marx's Law of Value is in error. In fact, the proof affirms that imputation of a commodity's value can't be anything physical, it must be subjective...that is in the mind of the observer. -------------------------------------- Addendum (July 18, 2014): The following nicely illustrates how net (new) investment (productivity increases) took place before medium of exchange, while (1) also illustrating how such net (new) investments spurred trade between separated communities; and (2) clarifying Marx's confusion as to what came first to alter social relations, (i) machines; or (ii) something else preceding machines... Tribe A saved more by looking for food less, placing that saved time into creating a net that would increase the catch of fish. We can say that Tribe A has a greater productive edge than does Tribe B, whose members are still using sharpened sticks to catch fish--very laborious and relatively unproductive. Now Tribe A decides, due to its higher productivity/wealth, it can afford to save more time, adding this saved time to the saved time it used for making fishing nets, and build a boat that will allow their nets to catch even more fish. Being busy building boats, Tribe A allows Tribe B to build the nets--a less productive venture than the new boat-building venture is. Tribe A's greater productivity thanks to fishing boats (and greater wealth thanks to fishing boats) allows for more children, increasing the tribe's population, allowing for a larger labor supply in the near future that will be available for procuring other innovative, labor-saving inventions. In the modern economy the money we save is the "saved time" that Tribe A used to construct nets/boats, but since the rate of interest is being intentionally kept low by the Federal Reserve, the Bank of England, the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan, there can be no new capital formation (money that's used for new long-term productive investments) in Western economies (nor Japan) for new productive ventures, because the lure for such new investments--the higher rate of return that higher, market-based, interest rates offer--is non-existent; the central bank mandated low interest rate policy won't cover the loan on the massive outlay of capital that net (new) productive projects require. By the way, notice what comes first in the above illustration, contradicting Marx's claim that the "material productive forces" (machines) are the INITIAL venue by which societies alter their values/relationships...people had to "save time" FIRST by curtailing their quest for food.* Now in the modern economy, where money is used, FIRST comes the necessity of market-based interest rates that allows for the accumulation of capital that THEN produces the labor-saving machines! The higher the market-based interest rate, the better for capital accumulation. ----------------------------------- *Incredibly, Marx was unaware (or more likely, deluded himself into unawareness) of this critical sequence.A Work That Became Dated Soon After Publication, When Marx Noticed That Wages Were Rising In England, A dated work, soon after its publication on February 21, 1848. It should be stressed for the novice to this subject, all three volumes of Capital provide a scientific explanation, as Marx put it, of how the Capitalist system works from the perspective that labor is the underlying essence of all value. If one accepts the basic assumptions made early in Chapter 1 of Capital, Volume 1--that abstract labor is the source of value(1)--Marx's logic flows well, not only through Volume 1, but all the way through Volume 3. If one is looking to fault Marx's economics based on the works of Capital, one will come up empty not only because Marx's logic is flawless, but as economist and former Marxist Thomas Sowell says, " ...Marx considered the idea of proving a concept to be ridiculous. Moreover, Engels had asserted...that one only proves one's ignorance of dialectics by thinking of it as a means by which things can be proved."(2) However, there was one instance where Marx let his dialectical guard down, allowing for an empirical objection that would consign all of Marx's works for naught. Sowell himself touches upon the specific passage where Marx cornered himself, but doesn't appreciate the full ramifications of Marx's observation. In the "The Poverty of Philosophy" (1847) Marx says, "In acquiring new productive forces men change their mode of production; and in changing their mode of production, in changing the way of earning their living, they change all their social relations. The handmill [a productive force] gives you society with the feudal lord, the steam-mill [a productive force], society with the industrial capitalist."(3) Sowell argues regarding Marx's handmill/steam-mill analogy, "If read literally, these words suggest a one-way causation and explanation of given states of being rather than of transformation. But that is clearly inconsistent both with Marx's and Engels' own treatment of history and with the dialectical conception of reciprocal interaction. These words are perhaps best read as epigrams-and of the dangers of misunderstanding inherent in that writing style."(4) Is Sowell correct? Was Marx merely being terse with his handmill/steam-mill analogy? While Sowell is indeed correct that Marx and Engles viewed the unfolding of history as a "dialectical conception of reciprocal interaction", that observation does not answer the question: What comes first? The machinery, or new social relations, derived from machines, that interacts with the old social relations to produce the new hybrid social relations? Marx was emphatic that machines came first, then all else followed them. In his retort to Pierre-Joseph Proudhon's observation that the use of machines was a consequence of the division of labor,(5) Marx writes: "Thus it is slapping history in the face to want to begin by the division of labor in general, in order to get subsequently to a specific instrument of production, machinery. Machinery is no more an economic category than the bullock that drags the plough. Machinery is merely a productive force. The modern workshop, which depends on the application of machinery, is a social production relation, an economic category."(6) The problem with this empirical observation is that before there was a steam mill there already existed an industrial capitalist society that not only contained the requisite industrial capitalist mode of production that manufactured the necessary constituent parts that went into the creation of the steam mill (there were many companies involved in the problem-solving for and manufacture of components that went into a steam engine), but this pre-steam mill society also contained an already sophisticated industrial capitalist labor force that made the constituent parts for the steam mill, not to mention built the steam mill itself. Contemporaneous with the industrial capitalist production of steam engines, there existed the production of the machines that the steam engines would power. In other words, the steam mill presupposes an already functioning industrial capitalist society! Marx's rebuke to Proudhon is a tautological response that also fails to recognize that a steam engine is made up of independently manufactured parts that predates the manufacture of a steam engine with those independently manufactured parts! Marx fails to mention this double inconsistency with his material "productive forces" empirical observation. Simplified, Marx is speaking of the root cause for industrial Capitalism...the steam engine, but that beginning of industrial Capitalism only exists to the extent of (1) the already existing industrial Capitalist division of labor that manufactured the component parts for the steam engine; (2) the already existing industrial Capitalist capital goods/intermediate goods industries that manufactured the constituent parts that went into the construction of the steam engine; (3) the already existing industrial Capitalist capital goods/intermediate goods industries that manufactured the machines that the steam engine powers; and (4) an already existing industrial Capitalist division of labor that manufactures those machines powered by the steam engine! When the first steam-mill was completed supposedly, according to Marx, 'giving' a society with industrial Capitalism, in fact industrial Capitalism, and an industrial Capitalist division of labor, already existed, and would have to already be in existence otherwise there could be no steam-mills and the machines they were created to power! Marx behaves like a child throwing a tantrum: Machines come first, then all else follows. Why? Because Marx said so, even though the historical record says otherwise! In fact, and unknown to Ricardian economists or Marx, industrial Capitalism couldn't have emerged without the conscious decision of nations to allow for the rise of interest rates to free market heights, abandoning low interest rates policies, such low interest rates policies making possible the Mercantilist pre-industrial Capitalist era. Only with higher, market-based, interest rates is it possible to accumulate the necessary large quantities of capital for industrial enterprise. During the Mercantilist era low interest rates ensured that only consumption-based investments could take place, such investments requiring relatively little capital expenditures, such low capital expenditures being a function of the expected return on the investment, which return is based on the low interest rate policy being followed by Mercantilist nations. Industrial ventures, on the other hand, require large expenditures of capital, such amounts only made possible by a higher rate of return that can recoup the larger capital outlay, a higher rate of return that is made possible only with higher, market-based, interest rates. We therefore see that not only was it necessary to already have an existing industrial Capitalist division of labor before machines made their appearance, there also needed to be in existence the requisite financing for the new machines to come into existence, meaning a new industrial Capitalist financial setup (where market-based, higher, interest rates are the norm) was a necessary precursor for the emergence of industrial Capitalism. ------------------------------ (see first comment for available links to titles cited) 1. Capital, Karl Marx, p. 27. 2. Marxism: Philosophy and Economics, Thomas Sowell, p. 109 3. The Poverty of Philosophy, p. 122 (takes into account the changes and corrections introduced by Marx into the copy presented to N. Utina in 1876). 4. Marxism: Philosophy and Economics, Thomas Sowell, p. 56. 5. Division of labor, then, is the first phase of economic evolution as well as of intellectual development: our point of departure is true as regards both man and things, and the progress of our exposition is in no wise arbitrary. The Philosophy of Poverty, Pierre-Joseph Proudhon (1847). 6. The Poverty of Philosophy, p. 149 (takes into account the changes and corrections introduced by Marx into the copy presented to N. Utina in 1876). ---------------------------------------- Revised Addendum: Formulated on February 25, 2014, 10:30 AM EST Proof that Marx's Law of Value (which posits that labor is the sole source of value, imputing that value into commodities) is in error: If all the machines created throughout the history of man were to have been kept within the confines of the minds of their creators, that is never manufactured, would such machines be imputed with value in a Marxist sense? Yes, they should equal the POTENTIAL value of their labor. Now, since actual labor is required for there to be potential value, and there is no actual labor to speak of, then the potential imputation of labor value into machines/commodities is zero, and therefore Marx's Law of Value is in error. In fact, the proof affirms that imputation of a commodity's value can't be anything physical, it must be subjective...that is in the mind of the observer. -------------------------------------- Addendum (July 18, 2014): The following nicely illustrates how net (new) investment (productivity increases) took place before medium of exchange, while (1) also illustrating how such net (new) investments spurred trade between separated communities; and (2) clarifying Marx's confusion as to what came first to alter social relations, (i) machines; or (ii) something else preceding machines... Tribe A saved more by looking for food less, placing that saved time into creating a net that would increase the catch of fish. We can say that Tribe A has a greater productive edge than does Tribe B, whose members are still using sharpened sticks to catch fish--very laborious and relatively unproductive. Now Tribe A decides, due to its higher productivity/wealth, it can afford to save more time, adding this saved time to the saved time it used for making fishing nets, and build a boat that will allow their nets to catch even more fish. Being busy building boats, Tribe A allows Tribe B to build the nets--a less productive venture than the new boat-building venture is. Tribe A's greater productivity thanks to fishing boats (and greater wealth thanks to fishing boats) allows for more children, increasing the tribe's population, allowing for a larger labor supply in the near future that will be available for procuring other innovative, labor-saving inventions. In the modern economy the money we save is the "saved time" that Tribe A used to construct nets/boats, but since the rate of interest is being intentionally kept low by the Federal Reserve, the Bank of England, the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan, there can be no new capital formation (money that's used for new long-term productive investments) in Western economies (nor Japan) for new productive ventures, because the lure for such new investments--the higher rate of return that higher, market-based, interest rates offer--is non-existent; the central bank mandated low interest rate policy won't cover the loan on the massive outlay of capital that net (new) productive projects require. By the way, notice what comes first in the above illustration, contradicting Marx's claim that the "material productive forces" (machines) are the INITIAL venue by which societies alter their values/relationships...people had to "save time" FIRST by curtailing their quest for food.* Now in the modern economy, where money is used, FIRST comes the necessity of market-based interest rates that allows for the accumulation of capital that THEN produces the labor-saving machines! The higher the market-based interest rate, the better for capital accumulation. ----------------------------------- *Incredibly, Marx was unaware (or more likely, deluded himself into unawareness) of this critical sequence.A Work That Became Dated Soon After Publication, When Marx Noticed That Wages Were Rising In England, A dated work, soon after its publication on February 21, 1848. It should be stressed for the novice to this subject, all three volumes of Capital provide a scientific explanation, as Marx put it, of how the Capitalist system works from the perspective that labor is the underlying essence of all value. If one accepts the basic assumptions made early in Chapter 1 of Capital, Volume 1--that abstract labor is the source of value(1)--Marx's logic flows well, not only through Volume 1, but all the way through Volume 3. If one is looking to fault Marx's economics based on the works of Capital, one will come up empty not only because Marx's logic is flawless, but as economist and former Marxist Thomas Sowell says, " ...Marx considered the idea of proving a concept to be ridiculous. Moreover, Engels had asserted...that one only proves one's ignorance of dialectics by thinking of it as a means by which things can be proved."(2) However, there was one instance where Marx let his dialectical guard down, allowing for an empirical objection that would consign all of Marx's works for naught. Sowell himself touches upon the specific passage where Marx cornered himself, but doesn't appreciate the full ramifications of Marx's observation. In the "The Poverty of Philosophy" (1847) Marx says, "In acquiring new productive forces men change their mode of production; and in changing their mode of production, in changing the way of earning their living, they change all their social relations. The handmill [a productive force] gives you society with the feudal lord, the steam-mill [a productive force], society with the industrial capitalist."(3) Sowell argues regarding Marx's handmill/steam-mill analogy, "If read literally, these words suggest a one-way causation and explanation of given states of being rather than of transformation. But that is clearly inconsistent both with Marx's and Engels' own treatment of history and with the dialectical conception of reciprocal interaction. These words are perhaps best read as epigrams-and of the dangers of misunderstanding inherent in that writing style."(4) Is Sowell correct? Was Marx merely being terse with his handmill/steam-mill analogy? While Sowell is indeed correct that Marx and Engles viewed the unfolding of history as a "dialectical conception of reciprocal interaction", that observation does not answer the question: What comes first? The machinery, or new social relations, derived from machines, that interacts with the old social relations to produce the new hybrid social relations? Marx was emphatic that machines came first, then all else followed them. In his retort to Pierre-Joseph Proudhon's observation that the use of machines was a consequence of the division of labor,(5) Marx writes: "Thus it is slapping history in the face to want to begin by the division of labor in general, in order to get subsequently to a specific instrument of production, machinery. Machinery is no more an economic category than the bullock that drags the plough. Machinery is merely a productive force. The modern workshop, which depends on the application of machinery, is a social production relation, an economic category."(6) The problem with this empirical observation is that before there was a steam mill there already existed an industrial capitalist society that not only contained the requisite industrial capitalist mode of production that manufactured the necessary constituent parts that went into the creation of the steam mill (there were many companies involved in the problem-solving for and manufacture of components that went into a steam engine), but this pre-steam mill society also contained an already sophisticated industrial capitalist labor force that made the constituent parts for the steam mill, not to mention built the steam mill itself. Contemporaneous with the industrial capitalist production of steam engines, there existed the production of the machines that the steam engines would power. In other words, the steam mill presupposes an already functioning industrial capitalist society! Marx's rebuke to Proudhon is a tautological response that also fails to recognize that a steam engine is made up of independently manufactured parts that predates the manufacture of a steam engine with those independently manufactured parts! Marx fails to mention this double inconsistency with his material "productive forces" empirical observation. Simplified, Marx is speaking of the root cause for industrial Capitalism...the steam engine, but that beginning of industrial Capitalism only exists to the extent of (1) the already existing industrial Capitalist division of labor that manufactured the component parts for the steam engine; (2) the already existing industrial Capitalist capital goods/intermediate goods industries that manufactured the constituent parts that went into the construction of the steam engine; (3) the already existing industrial Capitalist capital goods/intermediate goods industries that manufactured the machines that the steam engine powers; and (4) an already existing industrial Capitalist division of labor that manufactures those machines powered by the steam engine! When the first steam-mill was completed supposedly, according to Marx, 'giving' a society with industrial Capitalism, in fact industrial Capitalism, and an industrial Capitalist division of labor, already existed, and would have to already be in existence otherwise there could be no steam-mills and the machines they were created to power! Marx behaves like a child throwing a tantrum: Machines come first, then all else follows. Why? Because Marx said so, even though the historical record says otherwise! In fact, and unknown to Ricardian economists or Marx, industrial Capitalism couldn't have emerged without the conscious decision of nations to allow for the rise of interest rates to free market heights, abandoning low interest rates policies, such low interest rates policies making possible the Mercantilist pre-industrial Capitalist era. Only with higher, market-based, interest rates is it possible to accumulate the necessary large quantities of capital for industrial enterprise. During the Mercantilist era low interest rates ensured that only consumption-based investments could take place, such investments requiring relatively little capital expenditures, such low capital expenditures being a function of the expected return on the investment, which return is based on the low interest rate policy being followed by Mercantilist nations. Industrial ventures, on the other hand, require large expenditures of capital, such amounts only made possible by a higher rate of return that can recoup the larger capital outlay, a higher rate of return that is made possible only with higher, market-based, interest rates. We therefore see that not only was it necessary to already have an existing industrial Capitalist division of labor before machines made their appearance, there also needed to be in existence the requisite financing for the new machines to come into existence, meaning a new industrial Capitalist financial setup (where market-based, higher, interest rates are the norm) was a necessary precursor for the emergence of industrial Capitalism. ------------------------------ (see first comment for available links to titles cited) 1. Capital, Karl Marx, p. 27. 2. Marxism: Philosophy and Economics, Thomas Sowell, p. 109 3. The Poverty of Philosophy, p. 122 (takes into account the changes and corrections introduced by Marx into the copy presented to N. Utina in 1876). 4. Marxism: Philosophy and Economics, Thomas Sowell, p. 56. 5. Division of labor, then, is the first phase of economic evolution as well as of intellectual development: our point of departure is true as regards both man and things, and the progress of our exposition is in no wise arbitrary. The Philosophy of Poverty, Pierre-Joseph Proudhon (1847). 6. The Poverty of Philosophy, p. 149 (takes into account the changes and corrections introduced by Marx into the copy presented to N. Utina in 1876). ---------------------------------------- Revised Addendum: Formulated on February 25, 2014, 10:30 AM EST Proof that Marx's Law of Value (which posits that labor is the sole source of value, imputing that value into commodities) is in error: If all the machines created throughout the history of man were to have been kept within the confines of the minds of their creators, that is never manufactured, would such machines be imputed with value in a Marxist sense? Yes, they should equal the POTENTIAL value of their labor. Now, since actual labor is required for there to be potential value, and there is no actual labor to speak of, then the potential imputation of labor value into machines/commodities is zero, and therefore Marx's Law of Value is in error. In fact, the proof affirms that imputation of a commodity's value can't be anything physical, it must be subjective...that is in the mind of the observer. -------------------------------------- Addendum (July 18, 2014): The following nicely illustrates how net (new) investment (productivity increases) took place before medium of exchange, while (1) also illustrating how such net (new) investments spurred trade between separated communities; and (2) clarifying Marx's confusion as to what came first to alter social relations, (i) machines; or (ii) something else preceding machines... Tribe A saved more by looking for food less, placing that saved time into creating a net that would increase the catch of fish. We can say that Tribe A has a greater productive edge than does Tribe B, whose members are still using sharpened sticks to catch fish--very laborious and relatively unproductive. Now Tribe A decides, due to its higher productivity/wealth, it can afford to save more time, adding this saved time to the saved time it used for making fishing nets, and build a boat that will allow their nets to catch even more fish. Being busy building boats, Tribe A allows Tribe B to build the nets--a less productive venture than the new boat-building venture is. Tribe A's greater productivity thanks to fishing boats (and greater wealth thanks to fishing boats) allows for more children, increasing the tribe's population, allowing for a larger labor supply in the near future that will be available for procuring other innovative, labor-saving inventions. In the modern economy the money we save is the "saved time" that Tribe A used to construct nets/boats, but since the rate of interest is being intentionally kept low by the Federal Reserve, the Bank of England, the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan, there can be no new capital formation (money that's used for new long-term productive investments) in Western economies (nor Japan) for new productive ventures, because the lure for such new investments--the higher rate of return that higher, market-based, interest rates offer--is non-existent; the central bank mandated low interest rate policy won't cover the loan on the massive outlay of capital that net (new) productive projects require. By the way, notice what comes first in the above illustration, contradicting Marx's claim that the "material productive forces" (machines) are the INITIAL venue by which societies alter their values/relationships...people had to "save time" FIRST by curtailing their quest for food.* Now in the modern economy, where money is used, FIRST comes the necessity of market-based interest rates that allows for the accumulation of capital that THEN produces the labor-saving machines! The higher the market-based interest rate, the better for capital accumulation. ----------------------------------- *Incredibly, Marx was unaware (or more likely, deluded himself into unawareness) of this critical sequence.A Work That Became Dated Soon After Publication, When Marx Noticed That Wages Were Rising In England A dated work, soon after its publication on February 21, 1848. It should be stressed for the novice to this subject, all three volumes of Capital provide a scientific explanation, as Marx put it, of how the Capitalist system works from the perspective that labor is the underlying essence of all value. If one accepts the basic assumptions made early in Chapter 1 of Capital, Volume 1--that abstract labor is the source of value(1)--Marx's logic flows well, not only through Volume 1, but all the way through Volume 3. If one is looking to fault Marx's economics based on the works of Capital, one will come up empty not only because Marx's logic is flawless, but as economist and former Marxist Thomas Sowell says, " ...Marx considered the idea of proving a concept to be ridiculous. Moreover, Engels had asserted...that one only proves one's ignorance of dialectics by thinking of it as a means by which things can be proved."(2) However, there was one instance where Marx let his dialectical guard down, allowing for an empirical objection that would consign all of Marx's works for naught. Sowell himself touches upon the specific passage where Marx cornered himself, but doesn't appreciate the full ramifications of Marx's observation. In the "The Poverty of Philosophy" (1847) Marx says, "In acquiring new productive forces men change their mode of production; and in changing their mode of production, in changing the way of earning their living, they change all their social relations. The handmill [a productive force] gives you society with the feudal lord, the steam-mill [a productive force], society with the industrial capitalist."(3) Sowell argues regarding Marx's handmill/steam-mill analogy, "If read literally, these words suggest a one-way causation and explanation of given states of being rather than of transformation. But that is clearly inconsistent both with Marx's and Engels' own treatment of history and with the dialectical conception of reciprocal interaction. These words are perhaps best read as epigrams-and of the dangers of misunderstanding inherent in that writing style."(4) Is Sowell correct? Was Marx merely being terse with his handmill/steam-mill analogy? While Sowell is indeed correct that Marx and Engles viewed the unfolding of history as a "dialectical conception of reciprocal interaction", that observation does not answer the question: What comes first? The machinery, or new social relations, derived from machines, that interacts with the old social relations to produce the new hybrid social relations? Marx was emphatic that machines came first, then all else followed them. In his retort to Pierre-Joseph Proudhon's observation that the use of machines was a consequence of the division of labor, Marx writes: "Thus it is slapping history in the face to want to begin by the division of labor in general, in order to get subsequently to a specific instrument of production, machinery. Machinery is no more an economic category than the bullock that drags the plough. Machinery is merely a productive force. The modern workshop, which depends on the application of machinery, is a social production relation, an economic category."(5) The problem with this empirical observation is that before there was a steam mill there already existed an industrial capitalist society that not only contained the requisite industrial capitalist mode of production that manufactured the necessary constituent parts that went into the creation of the steam mill (there were many companies involved in the problem-solving for and manufacture of components that went into a steam engine), but this pre-steam mill society also contained an already sophisticated industrial capitalist labor force that made the constituent parts for the steam mill, not to mention built the steam mill itself. Contemporaneous with the industrial capitalist production of steam engines, there existed the production of the machines that the steam engines would power. In other words, the steam mill presupposes an already functioning industrial capitalist society! Marx's rebuke to Proudhon is a tautological response that also fails to recognize that a steam engine is made up of independently manufactured parts that predates the manufacture of a steam engine with those independently manufactured parts! Marx fails to mention this double inconsistency with his material "productive forces" empirical observation. Simplified, Marx is speaking of the root cause for industrial Capitalism...the steam mill, but that beginning of industrial Capitalism only exists to the extent of (1) the division of labor that manufactured the component parts going into the steam-mill; and (2) the capital/producer goods industries that manufactured the constituent parts that went into the construction of the steam-mill. When the first steam-mill was completed supposedly, according to Marx, 'giving' a society with industrial Capitalism, in fact there could be no 'giving' of such a society since the steam-mill when completed wasn't in operation. In fact, that which actually 'gave' a society with industrial Capitalism were those factors of production that produced the steam-mill! Marx behaves like a child throwing a tantrum: Machines come first, then all else follows. Why? Because Marx said so, even though the historical record says otherwise! In fact, and unknown to Ricardian economists or Marx, industrial Capitalism could not have emerged without the conscious decision of nations to allow for the rise of interest rates to free market heights, abandoning low interest rates policies, such low interest rates policies making possible the Mercantilist pre-industrial Capitalist era. Only with higher, market-based interest rates is it possible to accumulate the necessary large quantities of capital for industrial enterprise. During the Mercantilist era low interest rates ensured that only consumption-based investments could take place, such investments requiring relatively little capital expenditures, such low capital expenditures being a function of the expected return on the investment, which return is based on the low interest rate policy being followed by Mercantilist nations. Industrial ventures, on the other hand, require large expenditures of capital, such amounts only made possible by a higher rate of return that can recoup the larger capital outlay, a higher rate of return that is made possible only with higher, market-based, interest rates. Anyone after 1847 could have demolished Marx's materialist philosophy (which is where "productive forces" comes from) by noting the above objections to Marx's handmill/steam mill observation, thereby sparing us three volumes of Capital. In fact, someone did just that...Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, and Marxists (or whoever "Marxists" really are) pretend Proudhon didn't demolish Marx. ------------------------------ (see first comment for available links to titles cited) 1. Capital, Karl Marx, p. 27. 2. Marxism: Philosophy and Economics, Thomas Sowell, p. 109 3. The Poverty of Philosophy, p. 109 (takes into account the changes and corrections introduced by Marx into the copy presented to N. Utina in 1876). 4. Marxism: Philosophy and Economics, Thomas Sowell, p. 56. 5. The Poverty of Philosophy, p. 138 (takes into account the changes and corrections introduced by Marx into the copy presented to N. Utina in 1876). ---------------------------------------- Revised Addendum: Formulated on February 25, 2014, 10:30 AM EST Proof that Marx's Law of Value (which posits that labor is the sole source of value, imputing that value into commodities) is in error: If all the machines created throughout the history of man were to have been kept within the confines of the minds of their creators, that is never manufactured, would such machines be imputed with value in a Marxist sense? Yes, they should equal the POTENTIAL value of their labor. Now, since actual labor is required for there to be potential value, and there is no actual labor to speak of, then the potential imputation of labor value into machines/commodities is zero, and therefore Marx's Law of Value is in error. In fact, the proof affirms that imputation of a commodity's value can't be anything physical, it must be subjective...that is in the mind of the observer. -------------------------------------- Addendum (July 18, 2014): The following nicely illustrates how net (new) investment (productivity increases) took place before medium of exchange, while (1) also illustrating how such net (new) investments spurred trade between separated communities; and (2) clarifying Marx's confusion as to what came first to alter social relations, (i) machines; or (ii) something else preceding machines... Tribe A saved more by looking for food less, placing that saved time into creating a net that would increase the catch of fish. We can say that Tribe A has a greater productive edge than does Tribe B, whose members are still using sharpened sticks to catch fish--very laborious and relatively unproductive. Now Tribe A decides, due to its higher productivity/wealth, it can afford to save more time, adding this saved time to the saved time it used for making fishing nets, and build a boat that will allow their nets to catch even more fish. Being busy building boats, Tribe A allows Tribe B to build the nets--a less productive venture than the new boat-building venture is. Tribe A's greater productivity thanks to fishing boats (and greater wealth thanks to fishing boats) allows for more children, increasing the tribe's population, allowing for a larger labor supply in the near future that will be available for procuring other innovative, labor-saving inventions. In the modern economy the money we save is the "saved time" that Tribe A used to construct nets/boats, but since the rate of interest is being intentionally kept low by the Federal Reserve, the Bank of England, the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan, there can be no new capital formation (money that's used for new long-term productive investments) in Western economies (nor Japan) for new productive ventures, because the lure for such new investments--the higher rate of return that higher, market-based, interest rates offer--is non-existent; the central bank mandated low interest rate policy won't cover the loan on the massive outlay of capital that net (new) productive projects require. By the way, notice what comes first in the above illustration, contradicting Marx's claim that the "material productive forces" (machines) are the INITIAL venue by which societies alter their values/relationships...people had to "save time" FIRST by curtailing their quest for food.* Now in the modern economy, where money is used, FIRST comes the necessity of market-based interest rates that allows for the accumulation of capital that THEN produces the labor-saving machines! The higher the market-based interest rate, the better for capital accumulation. ----------------------------------- *Incredibly, Marx was unaware (or more likely, deluded himself into unawareness) of this critical sequence.
Trial issue. One issue trial. Format not strong.
For me......just awful!! I have to agree with several of the reviewers. I have read most if not all of Ms. Coulter's works, and this one just doesn't do it for me. She did describe her own writing(to quote another reviewer), "for a child--simple, basic, crude, if you will." [page 63]. I felt like this was a strain for Ms Coulter. All the dialogue was so different from previous Sherbrooke books. I found myself asking, why are Ryder, Douglas and their brides speaking and acting this way? I realize they're older, but doddering idiots? It was shocking. I hate not finishing a book (although I thought about here), but I did finish the book, and thought it was a waste. I will continue to buy her products as I'm hoping this is a fluke and do so enjoy her stories, normally. I hope you didn't do this to the next FBI series book! Oh, my.
Not Too Wondrous of a Book I have to care about a character or two in order to be grabbed and held by a book. Oscar is frustrating because he has brains and sensitivity but can't set a worthwhile goal. His focus is getting a girlfriend. Duh. Lose weight. He had no support from his mother, a trashy sister and a street talking friend named Yunior. The footnotes were very distracting and should have been summarized and blended in with the story. Although my name is Trujillo, I must have slept through history classes or US classrooms just don't dwell on Dominican Republic history. Quite interesting actually and worth reading about in a non fiction book. The writer obviously has a chip on his shoulder with his repeated use of the n word.Waste of Valuable Time The only book I purchased and then threw away in the same day. I could not get anywhere in this whiney book. I should have read all these reviews before I purchased this book. I would have saved my money. When I started reading and immediately found a hung up, unlikeable woman with a screwed up family, I thought, "Karol, you need something much more interesting." Don't bother, it stinks from the first page and how it could win it's way to a "list" is beyond me.
What the heck did I just read? When I closed this book, I asked myself "What the heck did I just read?" I have not enjoyed Julie Garwood's foray into contemporary romantic suspense. Not at all. So when I saw that she was not only returning to her historical romance roots but also to her favored setting in Scotland, I was thrilled. This was the same woman who has written The Bride and The Secret and so many other funny, warm, poignant romances with great alpha heroes and quirky fun heroines. I have read and re-read all of her early paperbacks from the 80s and 90s. She's on keeper shelf. SO I settled down to get into this book. The beginning starts just fine and I am thrilled. But then something crazy happens. The characters seem like lifeless retreads of some of her previous characters. The plot, likewise, is a meandering mess that tries to recall the glories of The Bride and The Secret and fails miserably. The villains are pathetic and laughable (and they were not intended to be) and truthfully, you never really understand why anyone does what they do. I seriously skipped whole passages, thinking...wait...it has got to get better. Right? It never did. She includes a spate of secondary characters that are obvious attempts to add color and texture, something I am usually very grateful for. But these too fall flat. Nothing about this book worked for me on any level. And can someone please tell me why the heck this book is entitled Shadow Music? The plot, the characters nothing alludes to this. Yeah, at the end of one chapter deep into the book while a bad guy is about to get killed he sees his killer's shadow and then hears the 'music' of a sword being drawn from a scabbard. That's it. That is all there is that has even the most distant connection to the title. I kept wondering as I was reading what the title referred to. Things like this just piss me off. If this were the first Garwood book I'd ever read, I'd've simply dismissed it as a generic piece of romance fluff and I would not have bothered to look the author up again. But I know what this author is capable of and I am severely disappointed because I know she can write better than this.
The Wall Street Journal Kindle Edition Using the Kindle to read a newspaper was just too difficult. Books are much easier as they flow page after page without a lot of searching.
Can't believe this caused a movement I really thought this book was a bit self-inflated garbage. I wanted to read the actual source of all the current popular "communist" talk. This thing reads like a freshman's college essay on Capitalism, when it seems they didn't really understand the concept. I kept picturing girls in beret's from the '70s walking around with a copy telling people how "cool and enlightened" they were. I would highly avoid skipping this one altogether.
the mediterrean billionaire's secret baby i went by reviews and purchased this book, a WASTE of money, from the start, he's deceptive, but doesnt see it that way, and he's so alpha macho that he breaks up with a letter! c'mon, and her situation wasn't much better with her family, u break up with her because she's supposedly from a mercenary family, yet you use same family to lure her back , and her mother quite conveniently finds a backbone! sorry just didn't like this book.
Curious and free You are kidding right? It was free, I was curious so I bought it!
More freedom under feudalism than Marxism. Back in the days of feudalism your lord would take a 1/3 share of everything you produced and basically leave you alone. I'm sorry but I'm not a fan of totalitarian dictatorships and that is what this book calls for. It never ceases to amaze me that the same people who rage against the government and are most critical of it want that same government to own all their property, and control every aspect of their life down to the most minute details. This book is and the philosophy contained there in is built on a completely false premise, the fact that all workers are exploited. I've always found dignity in work not exploitation and I've found it to be mutually beneficial not exploitative. It's the most important bad book I've ever read but It's important enough that everyone should read it. This book lacks a an understanding of basic economics and human nature and as such this idea that utopia can be achieved were it just not for those people over there has lead to the deaths of over 100 million people in the last century. The idea that I don't own my own labor or the fruits of that labor or that I'm entitled to live off the sweat of someone else's brow is abhorrent and goes against all natural laws. Communism is a great equalizer in that it makes everyone equal in misery and poverty. The only people who benefit are the party members and technocrats at the top. If you want to see why our country is in decline and the middle class is in danger of becoming extinct look no further than the ideas in this book that are being slowly implemented. 1. The abolition of private property. To see this in action look no further that civil forfeiture laws were gov agencies can seize property without a trial and the abuse of eminent domain. 2. A heavy progressive or graduated income tax. This has hit the middle class hardest because the elites who own the political machinery will never have their wealth redistributed. 3. Abolition of all rights of inheritance. You can just forget about working hard your whole life so you can pass something on to your children. Your children will have to liquidate family businesses, small farms, and property to feed the voracious appetite of government. 4. Confiscation of the property of all emigrants and rebels. As I've touched upon we already have civil forfeiture laws. 5. Centralization of credit in the hands of the State, by means of a national bank with state capital and an exclusive monopoly. So the government picks who gets credit. Just look at the student loan crisis and tell me that the gov in control of created is a good idea. That's going to be the next bubble to burst and because of burdensome debt that can't be defaulted on these kids are living with their parents into their 30s with no hope of buying a house. 6. Centralization of the means of communication and transportation in the hands of the State. So the government gets to pick what you hear and see. Look no further than an out of control FCC that is comping at the bit to regulate AKA sensor the internet. 7. Extention of factories and instruments of production owned by the State, the bringing into cultivation of waste lands. Just look at how BLM came with SWAT teams and snipers to round up a few cattle. Look at all the companies that got into bed with gov like Solyndra who were never viable and ended up costing tax payer billions. 8. Equal liability of all to labor. Establishment of Industrial armies, especially for agriculture. Because I want a bum who has no work ethic to earn as much me. Income equality even if you're a bag of s*** bum. 9. Combination of agriculture with manufacturing industries; gradual abolition of the distinction between town and country by a more equable distribution of the population over the country. Being told were to live in America. The loss of basic freedoms. Just look at agenda 21 and the plans to push everyone into high density housing. Communists and socialists are insane control freaks who know no boundaries. 10. Free education for all children in government schools. We've already seen the attack on parenteral rights and home schooling. With common core the school system is trying to turn every child into a mediocre cog where the public schools serve mainly for indoctrination. They don't even teach children how to write any more, basic math, the structure of government. In conclusion communists want you to give up every human right and yield to totalitarianism for some vague utopian dream that will never materialize.More freedom under feudalism than Marxism. Back in the days of feudalism your lord would take a 1/3 share of everything you produced and basically leave you alone. I'm sorry but I'm not a fan of totalitarian dictatorships and that is what this book calls for. It never ceases to amaze me that the same people who rage against the government and are most critical of it want that same government to own all their property, and control every aspect of their life down to the most minute details. This book is and the philosophy contained there in is built on a completely false premise, the fact that all workers are exploited. I've always found dignity in work not exploitation and I've found it to be mutually beneficial not exploitative. It's the most important bad book I've ever read but It's important enough that everyone should read it. This book lacks a an understanding of basic economics and human nature and as such this idea that utopia can be achieved were it just not for those people over there has lead to the deaths of over 100 million people in the last century. The idea that I don't own my own labor or the fruits of that labor or that I'm entitled to live off the sweat of someone else's brow is abhorrent and goes against all natural laws. Communism is a great equalizer in that it makes everyone equal in misery and poverty. The only people who benefit are the party members and technocrats at the top. If you want to see why our country is in decline and the middle class is in danger of becoming extinct look no further than the ideas in this book that are being slowly implemented. 1. The abolition of private property. To see this in action look no further that civil forfeiture laws were gov agencies can seize property without a trial and the abuse of eminent domain. 2. A heavy progressive or graduated income tax. This has hit the middle class hardest because the elites who own the political machinery will never have their wealth redistributed. 3. Abolition of all rights of inheritance. You can just forget about working hard your whole life so you can pass something on to your children. Your children will have to liquidate family businesses, small farms, and property to feed the voracious appetite of government. 4. Confiscation of the property of all emigrants and rebels. As I've touched upon we already have civil forfeiture laws. 5. Centralization of credit in the hands of the State, by means of a national bank with state capital and an exclusive monopoly. So the government picks who gets credit. Just look at the student loan crisis and tell me that the gov in control of created is a good idea. That's going to be the next bubble to burst and because of burdensome debt that can't be defaulted on these kids are living with their parents into their 30s with no hope of buying a house. 6. Centralization of the means of communication and transportation in the hands of the State. So the government gets to pick what you hear and see. Look no further than an out of control FCC that is comping at the bit to regulate AKA sensor the internet. 7. Extention of factories and instruments of production owned by the State, the bringing into cultivation of waste lands. Just look at how BLM came with SWAT teams and snipers to round up a few cattle. Look at all the companies that got into bed with gov like Solyndra who were never viable and ended up costing tax payer billions. 8. Equal liability of all to labor. Establishment of Industrial armies, especially for agriculture. Because I want a bum who has no work ethic to earn as much me. Income equality even if you're a bag of s*** bum. 9. Combination of agriculture with manufacturing industries; gradual abolition of the distinction between town and country by a more equable distribution of the population over the country. Being told were to live in America. The loss of basic freedoms. Just look at agenda 21 and the plans to push everyone into high density housing. Communists and socialists are insane control freaks who know no boundaries. 10. Free education for all children in government schools. We've already seen the attack on parenteral rights and home schooling. With common core the school system is trying to turn every child into a mediocre cog where the public schools serve mainly for indoctrination. They don't even teach children how to write any more, basic math, the structure of government. In conclusion communists want you to give up every human right and yield to totalitarianism for some vague utopian dream that will never materialize.
Heartbreakingly BAD Heartbreaking. I found this in the library and was thrilled. Then reality hit. Similar to Donna Leon's painful essays (don't read them), Mays has evolved into a caricature of a San Francisco snob. Ms Mayes, buy a mirror, you are the plump ugly tourist you ridiculed throughout the overlong and historically inaccurate diatribe. Here is the book: Moorish culture good, Jews were happy in servitude, Americans are horrible (other then the Mayes and their friends), Europeans are horrible, but not a horrible as Americans, and good food-unless you have to see Americans whilst eating.
Engels' hand is here a small capitalist drags his chains ... Engels' hand is here a small capitalist drags his chains. The Clinton crew is the modern the natural new target of the workers of the world...
Bizarre, disjointed story I love Irish writers and devoured all of the Tana French books. I also confess that I love Maeve Binchy on a rainy afternoon when i want to laugh a little and cry as well. This book was hard to follow, the characters were one dimensional and I got no sense of who anyone really was. The narrator (sister of the alcoholic deceased is filled with self pity, appears to hate every member of her large Irish catholic family. Her husband may or may not be a lying, adulterous cad, but she is so delusional, I feel sorry for him. Was her grandmother really a prostitute? Was the man who was best friends with her grandfather a pedophile? Who really knows? Most of the narrative takes place in the narrator's mind and it is impossible to distinguish her delusions from reality. I only finished the book because, in light of the Man Booker prize, I expected it to get better. It never did and i would not recommend this miserable tome to anyone.
If you want a Liberal slant to all news I've been getting the NYT on the Kindle for several months. It is formatted well for the Kindle. I overlooked the many Liberal editorials because of the Kindle experience. But, today was the last straw. A very negative slant about Mrs. McCain on the FRONT PAGE. If you wamt to put this trash in an editorial fine, but, to disguise this trash as news.....not for me. I immediately canceled and subscribed to the Washington Post.Doesn't compare with NYT I found this paper not much good for folks out of the Globe's area. The headlines were local news most of the time. Articles today were articles in yesterday's New York Times. Not very current. No pictures. Mostly local sports. College basketball not even covered most of the time. I found most of the other newspapers offered for the Kindle better. The formatting is OK.Biased coverage of news I've been getting the Ap feeds for over a year now. They refused to cover the Czar Jones story when he resigned. This indicates we're being spoon fed the news by the Liberal Left. I want the news what ever it may be. I canceled my subscription and went to Reuters News which did cover the story.
Kill Me Now! This book was terrible! The only reason I gave it two stars is for the raucous chat we had at book club about how crummy it was! There was no focus. It had potential, but she whined about herself, never really getting to the meat of the story.
Don't buy After reading the sample for this I was disappointed by the rest of it. It seemed like there would be more mature writing and a deeper plot. However, the plot is rather simple and most of the characters feel two dimensional and at times almost annoying. Laine and one of the other characters in particular were weak characters. The focus on them was mainly on them being clumsy and I would say immature. Now while this can be a part of a character, no one is perfect after all, there was no depth added to make that clumsy characteristic endearing or to show that Laine could act like more than a teenager. At least the book had more than sex and there was plot progession, but I wouldn't advise anyone to buy this story, even for the cheap price. It's short and doesn't really make the reader feel any emotion.
This is not deserving of Purlitzer Prize My goal for the year is to read all the Purlitzer Prize books since 2000. It has been fun and exciting until I tackled this book; or should I say it tackled my sense of my propriety as an American. The M-F's are a tragic result of fulgarity that was offensive : The first third of the book was such a chore to read, slow , and boring. I really feel amazed that this book was chosen as a 2008 winner
It doesn't read . No Go from my new kindle
I'm a Democrat Every time I picked up a page of this news I felt it was preferential to our Governor Perry. I would prefer a non-biased paper??
Not worth the effort I was drawn to this book by what was said about it on the book jacket. And since it had won the Booker, I thought the writing had to be decent. Interesting story and setting + prize-winning (should) = Safe bet. But, although extracts of the story are interesting, even good, the story, if it can be called that, is not cohesive. It jerks and shudders along. The main character is so blasphemous about her relationships with Everyone that I found myself wondering why I was reading about her or them. The writing is too self-conscious and self-indulgent to be good. The author/protagonist is constantly going off into spurts of realisation and flashback at odd moments--catching her reflection as the car door is opened, and the like. These, in small doses, can be superb stuff but if you're seeing it all the time, and none of these grand realisations mean anything to you as a reader, you're back at wondering why you're reading this. Just because you bought the book? Just to finish what you started? Curiosity about why it won the Booker? Halfway through the book none of the reasons was enough to keep me going. I have only so many hours I can read each day, and I have many more lovely books waiting to be read. So. Now, I'm enjoying this one's opposite: Prodigal Summer by Barbara Kingsolver.
Dull This novel by Tim Winton is as dull and boring as many a desert landscape. Much of the description is pretentiouis and fairly riduculous. For instance, why use a word such as "boneyard" to describe surf? A boneyard is still and dead, surf is not. And how can a Honda outboard motor possibly sound "righteous"?
Same as all the others This is the last of 12 books in a loosely related series that's split into 4 trilogies. A couple of the books were OK, but I'd recommend skipping most of them. This one had a pretty boring plot with a mediocre romance. Mostly, I just didn't like Nora much, and I despised Quin. I actually wanted her to get killed. She was a selfish, spoiled brat. I hope the Lucy Kincaid series is better, but I don't hold out much hope.3 3/4 stars I actually enjoyed the romance more than the plot in this one, and there really wasn't that much romance. However, I had been interested to read Jack's story since we first met him, so that could be why I liked the romantic angle in this book. There was a lot more sexual tension between these 2 than has been typically present in the author's previous books. I would have liked an epilogue explaining how these 2 juggled such different lives. Maybe we'll find out later. As for the plot-----it started out OK and kind of intriguing, but it seemed to become bogged down in details towards the end and became hard to follow at times. I only rated it as high as I did because I've got a little crush on Jack myself :-p But, the book never resolved the issues he has with his father, or even explained them very well. Honestly, I wouldn't recommend it unless you've read the other books that involved Jack and want to read more about him.Another dud First off, it took me forever to get into this book even a little. The romance was boring, and I hated the lovers-from-the-past theme. The reason they split was stupid and juvenile, and.......really? You're so in love with this woman (after all, he says he loves her about a thousand times with no response, which after awhile, just becomes pathetic) yet you stay away from her for 7 years, screwing every woman you can? Then there's the fact that Will's character just didn't match what we've seen of him in other books. He was a bumbling fool in this book. And Robin? Well, she was an immature bitch, and by chapter 40, she deserved to die for being such a weak, spineless idiot. The plot was so-so, and the plot twist of two different murderers was unnecessary and distracting. I've wasted a lot of money on this author. Don't make the same mistake. P.S. And the continuing saga of Patrick being in a coma---now for 8 months---goes on. That whole issue makes no sense unless it's some build up for his own book, which I have yet to see published.Same phrase comes to mind....... I've now read 5 of this author's books in a row, and every time the phrase middle-of-the-road comes to mind. It's not horrible, but it's not great either. This one I might give 2 1/2 stars to just because there was just way too much going on, too many suspects involved, too many intertwined characters, and I just couldn't be bothered to try to keep it all straight. The romance aspect was fairly decent, but I hate the whole misunderstanding-from-the-past thing they had going. Harkens back to my days watching soap operas. It could have been avoided with a simple conversation. All in all, this author is just missing something for me, some spark that makes her books memorable. Bummer, too, because I have a lot more of them to get through.Best of the 3 This is the 3rd book of a trilogy, and it was by far the best of the 3. The romance was more straight-forward. There was no past between these 2 like in book 2, which to me, just distracts from the main storyline. True, Olivia was a bit annoying at times, but in my opinion, less so than the female leads in the other 2 books. The plot, while disturbing, was fairly decent in terms of holding my interest. I bought this trilogy because a character from the second book is the male lead in the first book of her next trilogy and I wanted his backstory before starting that trilogy. Would I recommend this trilogy? No. But if you want to read her "Speak No/See No/Fear No" trilogy, you should read "The Hunt" first. Skip the other 2.
Definition of garbage Those giving this book 4 or 5 stars are complete idiots. I can't believe Americans reading this book find it a with while endeavor. Karl Marx books are the ones that should have been but n ed in Germany.
A classic, must read. It makes no sense ... A classic, must read. It makes no sense commenting on it today as it is too old to be valuable, but anyway here it comes: flawed from the beggining. It got a lot of things wrong. No wonder communist and socialism are complete failures, they make no sense whatsoever!
Mercifully Short I would rather read the unabridged addition of War and Peace, again. This was the biggest load of rubbish I have read since the Book of Mormon. I trust the state even less than I trust the oligarchs and big business. However as a member of the proletariat I am not happy that I will most certainly have to work as a wage and debt slave until I die. So I do believe something needs to change but I am not nearly smart enough as to proffer an opinion on what that would be. Mayhap Winston Churchill was right when he said, "Democracy is the worst form of government, except for all the others." However I would argue that we no longer live in democracy or a republic, but more like an oligarchical, military imperialism, wrapped in the guise of a phony duopoly.
Waste of time I have read a couple other books in this series and unfortunately forgot I didn't enjoy anything about them, I can't agree with the way this group takes vengeance on people who have hurt them or someone they loved. I didn't connect with any of the characters, and thought the writing style was that that of someone just starting out- stilted conversations and ridiculous situations . Which is odd, since I've read other books by this author and liked them
One Star I didn't like the style or any part of it
Not enjoyable at ALL I also found it horrible and I am glad I got it from the public library. I was embarrassed to write an honest review since the book got so many awards,, but since I saw that other people felt the same it gave me courage. I didn't connect and it failed to engage me.
Ugh! I am also an avid Julie Garwood fan. I read and reread her earlier historicals (Ransom --my favorite--, The Prize, The Wedding, The Secret, etc., etc.). They were keepers for me. I enjoyed the prequel to this one, Shadow Dance (though a modern romance). I was hoping to love this one, as I've been waiting for Ms. Garwood to return to historicals for a long time. But I decidedly did NOT like this book! I finished it because I kept hoping it would get better, but it did not. I hope that, in future, there will be more historicals, BUT with the quality, romance, and chemistry that we are used to from her.
Just Not Up To WSJ Standards 1. Costs more than delivered to your door paper and online version combined. 2. Very confusing to read. Not intuitive. 3. Layout is a nightmare 4. Cant find anything like in the paper or online version. 5. Price went up even more. I cancelled until they get it right just like everyone else who has tried it. Big let down.
I salute those of you who soldiered through all 592 pages. Sara Douglass, Hades' Daughter (Tor, 2003) It's rare that I completely abandon a book these days. And when I do, it almost always happens on page fifty, once I've had more than enough of whatever piece of the structure I can't take any more. That didn't happen with Hades' Daughter, in part because when I reached page fifty I was locked out of the house and had no other reading material. In any case, over the past nine months, I have struggled my way through one hundred eighty-eight pages of this monstrosity, or about a third of the first book in a series, before the prose got the best of me. I can't really quote you a passage to show you why, because there aren't many passages that don't involve the kinds of subjects that would get a review censored in the places one normally posts a review. Which, honestly, usually means that book is right up my alley; have can you go wrong with almost six hundred pages of sex, violence, and combinations of the two? In short, by writing a Harlequin romance that's too violent (and long) for Harlequin to publish. The premise is interesting, but the execution leaves a great deal to be desired. I'd like to see a really, really good romance author take this on (Marjorie Liu would be a fine choice, I think), but as it stands, it's just plain silly. (zero)Get past the first few pages and it's clear sailing. Lisa Scottoline, Mistaken Identity (Harper, 1999) Three pages into Lisa Scottoline's sixth novel, Mistaken Identity, I wasn't sure I was going to make it to page ten. Scottoline opens the novel with her protagonist, Bennie Rosato, walking into the county prison where her newest client is in residence, mentally rattling off statistics that we've all heard a million times, most of which are, to say the least, on shaky ground as far as their worth is concerned. It is a horrible opening; thankfully, it is also short. The book improves tremedously on page four, and stays improved for the next five hundred plus pages. Rosato's newest client is Alice Connolly, who greets her with the rather surprising revelation that Connolly is Rosato's twin, despite that the two have never met before. The twin thing certainly throws a few extra monkeywrenches into the works of the normal courtroom/detective story, not that it needed any. Connolly is accused of killing her live-in boyfriend, a Philadelphia police officer, and makes nasty hints that other cops are framing her. The first half of the book alternates between Rosato trying to figure out if there really is a conspiracy and trying to figure out whether Connolly actually killed her boyfriend, as the two things aren't necessarily mutually exclusive. This section is standard mystery fare; if you're a fan of the genre, it'll work for you. Where Scottoline shines is once the case gets to court. When you reach page 300 and they're getting ready for trial, you start wondering how Scottoline is going to fill the second half of the book. She does so brilliantly, better even than many nonfiction true crime books cover trials. In fact, the only book I can think of that goes into this much detail of the trial, specifically the dialogue, is Bataille's <i>The Trial of Gilles de Rais</i> (in which the second half of the book is simply unexpurgated trial transcripts). In both Bataille's work of nonfiction and Scottoline's novel, we are given solid evidence that cutting out the supposedly extraneous material of a trial, a rather common method of speeding up books/movies/TV shows, may be good for cutting time, but that all the other stuff is going to be just as gripping to the devoted reader of courtroom-procedure books. Scottoline takes us, line by line, through a cross-examination instead of summarizing. It's wonderful. Would that more courtroom-drama authors did such things. Maybe, as Scottoline gains the audience she deserves, it'll catch on. The beginning of the book is enough to make me drop it a notch, but still a highly recommended read. *** 1/2
Investor's Business Daily I was looking for charts but it was just a little snippet of headlines and top stories - nothing at all like the paper itself. Didn't get no satisfaction.
Some redeeming features, but mostly unpleasant and problematic WARNING: Contains spoilers. The Pulitzer Prize seems to operate by the same rule of thumb that the Newbery Award and the Academy Awards do -- the more depressing and tragic the story, the more likely it is to win the prize. While not every Pulitzer-Prize winner falls in this category (the humorous "A Confederacy of Dunces" comes to mind), it does seem to me that works that grapple with dark and horrifying issues are far more likely to be nominated for the prize, and naturally most of these issues won't make for light, entertaining reading. So I suppose I should have known what I was getting into when I picked up "The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao," a prize-winner itself. But I felt I could identify with a main character who shared many of my own interests, and figured if nothing else, it could be an interesting read. While the historical bits of this book were fascinating, if shocking and often horrifying, the book itself is a miserable read, not helped by an unlikable narrator, unlikable characters, and a just plain depressing and unlikable storyline. "The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao" tells the story of Oscar, the awkward and overweight teen son of a Dominican immigrant. Oscar is a fan of what the narrator calls "the Genres" -- fantasy, sci-fi, video games, anime, role-playing games, etc. -- and dreams of someday becoming a great writer on par with J. R. R. Tolkein. But Oscar also dreams of finding a girlfriend, a quest thwarted by his social awkwardness and his looks... not to mention his brutal, overprotective mother. Oscar's story doesn't stand alone, however, and woven throughout his narrative are other stories -- his older sister who struggles to break free from their mother's toxic parenting, his mother who grew up in horrific circumstances during the reign of a sadistic dictator, and his grandparents who made a powerful enemy in the leader of the Dominican Republic and lost everything, including their lives, to his vengeance. All this is told through the voice of Yunior, Oscar's college roommate, who has his own take on what happened to Oscar and his family... but can we trust his words? In my opinion, the snippets of history included in this book (mostly in copious footnotes) was the best part of the book. I knew almost nothing about the Dominican Republic going into this book, and what I learned was shocking and even horrifying at times, but still fascinating. This truly is a country with a troubled history, one made all the worse by the United States' meddling. The rest of the book is less fascinating, and seems to be one long unrelenting sea of tragedy and brutality inflicted on our main character and his family. Whether it's bullying, being targeted by the government, rape, attempted murder, emotional/verbal abuse, or just sheer bad luck, nothing seems to go right for our characters. Don't expect any moments of hope to last -- they're just there as a moment to catch your breath before the book plunges back into dumping as much pain and suffering on our characters as possible. I understand life is difficult, especially life in a third-world country run by a dictator, but at times the amount of tragedy piled onto the characters gets ridiculous. The fact that said characters don't have many redeeming qualities themselves doesn't help matters. The author and narrator make no attempt to try to make Oscar likable or relatable -- instead he's just painted as a fat, whiny loser whose life sucks because he can't get a girlfriend. His sister is slightly more sympathetic but fairly nasty to her own brother, and his mother is downright abusive (yes, you can still be an abusive parent even if you don't beat your child...). The closest thing to a sympathetic character is La Inca, a family relative who raised Oscar's mother and who invites Oscar and his sister to stay with her every summer, and I can't help but think she would have been a better narrator than Yunior. Which brings me to the narrator. People have praised this book for its "unique" and "authentic" narrator, but I despised the voice used for this novel. I didn't mind the slang and Spanish mixed into the book, but the profanity and frequent use of the N-word nearly made me stop reading altogether at some points. Foul language alone usually isn't enough to make me stop reading, but there is such a thing as too much. Also Yunior is just as nasty in his assessment and description of Oscar and his life as the characters who bully and abuse him, and it makes for unpleasant reading. There's a lot of to-do in this book about some sort of curse placed on Oscar's family by the Dominican Republic's dictator. This results in a slight feel of "magical realism," especially in a mongoose-like creature and a faceless man who both haunt some of the characters. It added an interesting angle to the story, and made things slightly more bearable. As for the ending... it's supposed to come across as tragic, but the circumstances of Oscar's death feel less tragic and more stupid to me. I have little sympathy for Oscar's death when it's his own stupidity and hormones that got him killed, and said ending elicited a facepalm from me instead of tears. Not to mention that the final chapter of the book is supposed to be hopeful because Oscar finally got laid before he died. Seriously? I had hoped to find a kindred spirit of sorts in Oscar, but instead he turns out to be the stereotypical fat nerd who just wants to lose his virginity to a hot girl. *sigh* While this book has a few redeeming features, mostly in its chronicle of the Dominican Republic's turbulent and dark history, for the most part it was an unpleasant slog with a foul-mouthed narrator and characters both unsympathetic and frustratingly stupid. Perhaps the Pulitzer Prize jurists lap this sort of stuff up, but for me it represents what's wrong with a lot of "serious" literature -- it confuses "dark and depressing" with "deep and meaningful" and "unlikable and unsympathetic" with "flawed and complex." And after reading several unpleasant novels that happened to be Pulitzer winners/finalists, I'm hesitant to ever pick up another.
I Made It Through! Thank god it's over! Not that this is an awful book, but it sure was long. It has 360 pages and could have easily been shortened to 300. The characters were likable enough, they just when into a lot of detail. Also, it was supposed to be funny. I didn't laugh once. Truly, the book isn't completely awful, but I won't be reading any of the others from this series. It just didn't do anything for me.
You can't find more for your needed like sports, comic You can't find more for your needed like sports, comic, etc. It is take so space from kindle to caused slow, I think. So I removed it.
Why Should We Care About These Characters? Hated the writing style. Hated that this book was filled with Spanish phrases with no translations. The author was too lazy or too arrogant to keep this story entertaining or engaging for his audience. His random tangent background descriptions of history and characters were tiring. Beats me why Oscar's life was brief or wondrous because the author took off on different rabbit trails and left him behind. And when it comes down to it. By 20% into the story I didn't care about the characters & didn't know why I should SPOILER: I got as far as page 142 and the beating of Beli was enough. I don't like to read stories describing the abuse of women.
This book is pitiful If you don't want to get a headache don't try to read this book. It can't even keep the names straight.
Marx certainly hated rich people Marx certainly hated rich people. Which is weird considering his own Bourgeois upbringing. If you think religion is dangerous to your health, you probably missed the 20th century. Sparse on dialectic and heavy on the rhetoric, This book will leave you with an upset stomach and a feeling of despair for our future. Especially if, like myself, you happen to find yourself living in a country in the grips of a communist revolution.
Boring, boring, boring,,,,, I bought this book back in January because the back of the book makes it sound very interesting. It's now July and I'm still not finished with it. I don't usually mind the first person point of view, but with the Van Tassel character narrating, it seems to weigh down the book and make it so completely boring. I have gone almost half way through the book and I can't see where it's going and I could honestly care less. The characters are very uninteresting and a book with characters that don't engage a reader is really hard to read. I have given up reading this book and it'll sit on my shelf until I can try to find a way to get rid of it, I'm just glad that I only paid $4.99 for it. I recommend staying away from this book but if you must attempt to read, borrow it from the library so you won't waste your money like I did.
BAD (ALMOST) TEEN LITERATURE Omitting the few sex scenes, this was really teen literature. It involved six or so cousins/friends, having slumber parties and constantly answering to their parents. The story itself moved VERY VERY VERY slowly, picking up a little speed late in the book only to slow down again (and become quite silly) near the end. The whole fainting-at-the-sight-of-blood thing got very old and never really made sense (it wasn't the blood that almost killed someone, but the biting and drinking.) The narrator certainly wasn't the worst I've heard, but her monotonous tone didn't help an already dead tale.
Communist ideology The book starts out very intriguing, introcucing the bourgeois, and the common (worker class) people; however it quickly turns into how communism is the answer to all of 'today's' (at least, the early 1900's) problems. History has shown us, that much of this information is inaccurate (China, Russia, Cuba,...); and that communism is a great way to make people lazy, and caught up in paperwork. Communistic ideas had a few good things though, they wanted to get rid of the poorest as well as the Bourgeois. But the communists wanted the poor to be able to live a respectable life, while the Bourgeois wanted to get rid of the poorest because the poorest where robbing from the richest (not seeing that the richest did exactly the same thing, only under a mantle of agreements and contracts).
Disappointing at best... Having always had a good opinion of Anita Shreve's writing style (if not all of her stories, for instance, I loved A Wedding in December and Fortune's Rocks but was only mildly pleased by Sea Glass), I thought that this novel looked extremely promising. Unfortunately, I simply could not get into this story. Not one of the characters was likeable and everything was so predictable that I was ready to give up on finishing this book before I reached the halfway point. The one redeeming quality of this novel--and the reason I gave it two stars instead of one--is how well Ms. Shreve was able to write from the perspective of a man, particularly a man such as Nicholas Van Tassel--stuffy, priggish, and a bit of a monster in the end.
trying too hard Based on the reviews, my book group was expecting a funny book. Other than a few Mona Lisa's, we did not find it terribly funny. I think if the author had selected 2 or 3 themes, instead of the never ending collection (coming of age, revolution, I forget the rest; I'm repressing), the book would have better held my interest. As it was, I forced myself to read the first 200 pages and could stand no more.well written memoire of a successful schizophrenic lawyer a memoire about a woman with schizophrenia who goes through some very difficult times, no surprise, but comes out on the other end as a very functional person, a big surprise. Well written
Mixed genres gone bad... I picked this book up as I've always had a fondness for Ms Coulter's Sherbrook family. Even though the family is only tangently attached, I was hoping for a good read. It starts out well, but then the romance moves a little too quickly; I prefer a little more sexual tension & conflict before the romantic heroes decide they're right for each other. But then the novel turns into a weak attempt at a Patricia McKillip-like fantasy and loses the relationship development. The fantasy world nags at me like a sore tooth. The fantasy is random, meanders, makes no real sense, and simply falls flat. It's a rather simplistic yet nonsensical alternate world without real weight to it. I'm left feeling like I thought I picked up that wonderfully, rich Ghirardelli dark chocolate and ended up with the cheap, awful milk chocolate accidentally purchased at the dollar store...
I've read better This book would have been more pleasurable to read if there hadn't been so much Spanish that was left untranslated. This took a lot of insight into the characters, away from the reader & left you guessing from start to end. It was frustrating. The switches between which character was narrating were confusing as well. Too bad.
Undecided This book was given to me as a gift and I'm about 1/4th of the way through it and am not sure if I will finish it or not after reading these reviews. I am not pleased with the story and thought I'd check the reviews here to see if it gets any better. I'm having a hard time figuring out who is who. This is my first book by this author so when the other family members arrived,(when the engagement was announced) I'm like... who are they? They are called by name but if you have not followed the series you wouldn't know... are they Mr. Sherbrooke's brothers? Nathan's brothers? I've read other series by other authors and have never been so confused. The author must realize that the reader may not have read the previous books and every character must be identified. I felt left out. I thought the prologue interesting and couldn't wait to see what happens with the little girl but the book starts off with someone else and at this point in the book I am guessing the grandfather?? ... very odd and confusing. Not sure if I'll finish or just start an new book. My impression is that publishers sometimes rush the writer with a deadline and thus the writer rushes instead of taking his or her time. Note to publishers, give the writer time and it will sell a lot more books. I know from reading other reviews that CC is a fantastic writer, so it must be that she was rushed with this book. Hope the future brings better books for CC.
Disappointing I'll be short. I wanted a basic understanding of what Communism was all about from the source I figured was most authoritative, Karl Marx. Good idea? You'd think so, but no. This edition - Penguin Classics - has an "introduction". I put that between quotation marks (Marx? never mind...) because said introduction is 218 pages in length, and the Communist Manifesto per se is about 40 pages. That's right, the introduction is over five times longer than the text itself. Here's the problem with this: this introductory essay - easily the longest I have ever, ever seen in a Penguin Classics book - seems to be very good, except for the fact that it gives so much information about everything, that I couldn't read it all because I didn't really care about that level of details! I know it sounds like a lame argument, but the point of the matter is that if this specialised knowledge is worth your time, you probably already have read the Communist Manifesto. This introduction is far too big for the reader who just wants to read the Communist Manifesto, and far too specialised. So after I skipped five thirds of the book, and got to the actual Manifesto, I was disappointed. Everything I knew about Communism wasn't there much. It talks about social classes and such, as you'd expect, but oddly, I didn't feel like it read like a manifesto. At any rate, I expected far more arguments. Instead, all you get is, roughly, a description of what Communism is, and by "Communism", I mean the type you had in 1840, which may or may not have all that much to do with the Communism we all know. Can't blame Marx for that, but instead of 218 pages of introduction on the details of what led to the manifesto, maybe more about 20th century Communism? Maybe other texts? Maybe excerpts from The Capital? I don't know, but 218 pages of introduction for such a short text should be justified, very justified, and in my opinion, it wasn't. I feel like I bought two books instead of one. No doubt, this introductory essay is precious for anyone who studies Karl Marx, and that's exactly why I doubt that a Penguin Classics is the right place to have it. Only specialists will enjoy it, and people who have never read the Communist Manifesto will not be so interested. 218 pages of intro, and 40 pages of main text, I had never seen that before. And after reading those 40 something pages of manifesto, I feel let down. I expected more. I thought Marx would develop much more in this text. Everything is upside down: the introduction is the size of a novel and develops everything to extremities I could not bring myself to be interested in, and the main text is the size of an introduction, develops little, and obviously addresses people of that time (quite logically, for a manifesto) and leaves one in an unsatisfying blur. Not worth your time. Had I known, I would still have read it because I like to know things first hand, but I now believe I would be better off with a book ABOUT Communism rather than this manifesto and its gargantuan introduction. Very disappointed. Check the intro if you're a political student or if you're very interested in Marxism or 19th century history, but if you're into Communism, I suggest getting something else. (I absolutely hate Communism, personally, and I wanted to know it better to precise my opinion and thoughts, in case you were curious; I will have to find something else.)
Only because I am a member of the clean plate club... I finish what I start even if it is painful. This is a principle I live by and it was the only thing that allowed me to finish one of the worst books I have ever read. Admittedly the vast majority contemporary vampire fiction is not great literature, but much of it could be described as at least entertaining. That cannot be said of the first "novel" in the seemingly never ending Argeneau series by Lynsay Sands. The plot is weak and unbelievable. The premise for the origins of vampires makes a stab at originality, but is so weakly supported that it is ridiculous in the extreme. The two central characters may be described as physically attractive, but are not 'attractive' in the sense that this reader developed any real feeling for them or their outcome. The 'plot twists' are transparent and spotted a mile off. I have read reviews that Charlaine Harris' Southern Vampire Mysteries are simplistic, weakly plotted and poorly written. By comparison's Lynsay Sand's first Argeneau novel "A Quick Bite" is best used as tinder for a good, roaring fire. Do not waste your money or your time.
Communism is a proven failure, but a must read to understand where socialism is leading... I put a 1 star because of the damage this book has done to societies the world over, but would give it 5 stars as a must read for any liberty loving individual to understand what they are contending against.
if I could give it 0 and still rate it, I would Aptly named. No more needs to be said. If I could give it 0 and still rate it, I would
I guess this just wasn't my style of read. Didn't care for this book, and only read a few chapters.
Don't get sick My husband ordered this and said it really wasn't what he thought it would be. He didn't like it at all.
It's Missing the Most Crucial Factor Causing Hypoglycemia in Many This book is OK for what it includes but it is missing perhaps the major cause of hypoglycemiaespecially reactive hypoglycemia-in many people. To overcome hypoglycemia, you first have to learn whether you have underlying problems that Prof. Steven Rochlitz is uniquely renowned for uncovering at last. Porphyria is the major hidden problem causing hypoglycemia, Dr. Rochlitz reveals. Porphyria is NOT a rare disease. This metabolic disorder may affect 20% of us. Dr Rochlitzs first book on porphyria even includes blood sugar test guidelines for porphyria and reactive hypoglycemia. The book also notes that blood sugar IV parameters for porphyria are similar to standard treatment for hypoglycemics. I can tell you for myself that hypoglycemia can result from porphyria and that dealing with the porphyria can finally yield stable blood sugars. The book that saved my life and that finally led to my no longer having blood sugar crashes, is PORPHYRIA: The Ultimate Cause of Common, Chronic, & Environmental Illnesses, With Breakthroughs in Diet, Supplements, and Energy Balancing, by Steven Rochlitz, PhD. The porphyria connection is also crucial because the hidden porphyric reacts to many drugs, and even to many supplements. Often people say, those supplements didn't work for me either. Dr. Rochlitzs books are not sold on Amazon. You can find them at his wellatlast dot com site. I would immediately check out the testimonials page there for reviews by laypeople and physicians, and even a Supreme Court Justice. Also on that testimonials page is a link to a great, free, recent interview on how porphyria is not rare and is a cause of hypoglycemia. Youll love the interview, and the book. For the record, I have no financial connection to Dr. Steven Rochlitz, but following his books recommendations ended my blood sugar crashes at last.
Glad I read it as it gave me a new ... Glad I read it as it gave me a new perspective on where communists and socialists are coming from, but since the authors were apparently morons (albeit with good intentions) I had to rate 1 star, but I still recommend every conservative, constitutionalist, libertarian read it..."know thine enemy!"
Hope the next book in the series is better..... Brought to you by OBS reviewer Heidi *Beware of Spoilers* Dr. Greg Hewitt is wrapping things up at work at his psychology practice on the last night before his first real vacation in years! As he is thinking of sand and sun and the things he will enjoy during his trip to Cancun, he notices a woman getting on the elevator with him as he's leaving the office. He was surprised when she gets off at the same garage level as he does, but wasn't that concerned about it. But he can't understand what has come over him when he puts himself in the trunk of the woman's car, goes home with her, and then obediently goes upstairs lies on the bed and allows her to tie him to the bed. The woman is Marguerite Ageneau, a vampire, who has decided to give Greg to her daughter, Lissianna, as a birthday gift. Lissianna is a vampire that faints at the sight of blood and Greg specializes in curing phobias and Marguerite wants him to cure Lissianna so she can live a normal life and feed from bags of blood like most vampires instead of taking chances by feeding off live donors, which sometimes leads her to getting drunk or worse when she doesn't notice the condition of her dinner until it's too late. Lissianna feels bad that Greg is being held against his will because of her. So she and her cousins sneak Greg out of the house and take him home, but they forgot to erase his memories. So Lissianna's mom and aunt go to take care of it, but are unable to wipe his memories and worse, he has figured out what they are. So they take him back home with them and contact the council to determine what must be done. Lissianna takes Greg on the run when she finds out that nobody can erase Greg's memories and she worries what that will mean for him. This series came highly recommended to me, but after reading this saying I was underwhelmed is an understatement. I think my big problem with the book is that it seems too unrealistic. A guy gets kidnapped twice and he's cool with it. He doesn't even mind missing out on his vacation that he's been planning for months, but instead spends a couple of days tied to a bed by a bunch of vampires. The whole thing just doesn't play for me, no matter how hot Lissianna is. And the romance in this book just didn't work for me; it felt too rushed and even at the end of the book they still felt like strangers instead of lovers let alone life mates. Not to mention her phobia never gets cured. I also found the vampires' fangs were really strange in this book. I'm used to them being used to puncture the humans' veins for them to feed, but in this book they seem more like straws. When they drink bagged blood they put it on their teeth and suck it down. I thought it was pretty weird myself. I saw the supposed plot twist about Father Joseph a mile away and figured he suspected Lissiana of being a vampire from the moment he offered her the garlic soup and didn't really feel the office full of crosses was necessary to drive the point home. If Sands wanted this twist to be a surprise, she should have been more subtle. This book was marketed as being funny, but I just didn't see it. I think I laughed once. "Still in Bed?" Thomas had asked with amusement, as Lissianna had blinked at them. "I am so glad you got at least a little rest today. I feared you'd work Greg to death while the rest of us tried to sleep." The book did start getting better toward the end, but it just wasn't enough for me to truly like it. Maybe the next book in the series will be better. One hopes so anyway. This review and more at openbooksociety dot com
I can't say I remember buying this. I don't remember buying this book at all. Sorry.
UGH This is the book I think of when I think of 80s romance novels. I want the hot and steamy sex scenes with romance, great dialogue and relationships. This book is cheese!
it was quite boring; typical love relationship I was expecting a real thriller with this one. Unfortunatey, it was quite boring; typical love relationship; anti-climactic. Had to force myself to finish reading it. Can't believe there is a whole series of these books. If you want a good thrilling joy ride with well-developed characters and interesting plot twists, get the Pines series!
Boring This book takes way too long to get anywhere. Also, the heroine of the book, Jane MacGuire, is annoyingly tough for a 21 year old. Yeah, yeah...she was a street kid, yada, yada, yada, but no 21 year old really acts like that. The sexual obsession between her and much older man, Mark Trevor, is rather gross. This book was a waste of my time.
ad's and focus problem... Why am I paying for a feed that has ad's? Not only that but they point to video ads... My real problem is the focus, for the most part the feed follows the web site pretty well. But sometimes they go weird like running the same Alec Baldwin story about Cuba in the top 3 stories for a week. Or now we have a story by Sigourney Weaver about CO2 and acid levels in the oceans. This wouldn't be bad except the story ran over a week ago and has come back. And fluff stories can get the full story posted while something important will get a paragraph with a link to the web page. Now, I like the Huffington Post and read daily. I just wish they would clean up the feed! Oh, don't bother contacting them because unless you are telling them how wonderful Arianna is or how greedy a CEO or politician is they don't want to hear from you. So if you like it and can put up with the stuff mentioned above then keep it. Otherwise checkout the New York Times Latest Stories feed. It's smaller, more focused, celebrity stories don't get 'special' attention and doesn't have ads! ** November 3, 2009 ** Well, after emailing and being ignored by Huffington Post about the ad's and video links I dropped the Kindle version. I still read the web version and also use their app on both my iPhone and iPod Touch. But those are devices that can handle the rich media content. For the Kindle I've been trying out the NYT's Latest News and the AP Business along with the San Jose Merc.
RealReader I wished I saved my money. The intro was promising but the rest of book failed--miserably. I'm going to say the writer was trying to please some of those people who may point to a double standard regarding men and women and past relationships. for that reason she not only points to the heroine's old lover as good in bed and someone the heroine loved, but she had the girl bump into old lover and agree to have coffee with him. It didn't work but helped to persuade me that the gal was a bubble headed little tomato. I skipped over alot of pages because they were a waste of time. I didn't think alot of the issues got addressed, and i didn't see the relationship lasting past the end of the month. This couple's story did not sell. I once said this writer cannot write a bad novel--i was wrong.
I've tried to cancel the 30 day trial period, and no results. Not worth time,
insipid it is incomprehensible that this first truely awful book developed into a funny series. i have read everyother book in this series except this one prior to reading it now. i never read it because of the reviews. the past reviewers were correct. this is bad. i had to force myself to read the first 50 or so pages. then it got better but ended up being just as bad towards the end as the first 50 pages. it is quite unbelievable that a 200 year old vamp could still be as incompetent as a 5 year old child. ugh. you do not need to read this book to appreciate the other books in the series.
some of the usual faulty rhetoric Mark Levin's book falls into some of the usual pitfalls that almost all biased political argumentation today falls into--evidence is often stretched and recontextualized to fit certain predisposed conclusions. The book is clearly well researched, and Levin is no doubt quite knowledgeable about legal process and the language of the US Constitution, but his conclusions are often stretched to a degree that no longer fits the evidence. I would hesitate comparing his method to a smokescreen, for I am not entirely sure if Levin is purposefully making exaggerated claims that he doesn't support but artfully disguises in the ethos of research, but at the core of many of his ideas are assumptions or basic contradictions that he just can't back up. For example, Levin is trying to show with this book that there is a long-term conspiracy of liberalism that has been slowly forging opportunities for itself in the process of applying the Constitution to the cases before it so that there would be precedent to back what Levin calls unConstitutional decisions like in Roe vs. Wade. Levin pushes a good case to look further (personally) into the basis of that and other decisions and if they do have Constitutional basis, but Levin instead goes into a history lesson of the decisions that predicated decisions like Roe vs. Wade with the assumption that every opportunity opened in previous decisions regarding things like the right to privacy was in fact the doing of a long-term liberal plan to open the doors of power for an activist court. Certainly, legal cases are often made on the grounds of precedent, but instead of revealing the focus on precedent rather than the Constitution as a problem in the deliberations of the Supreme Court, Levin tries to turn the problem into an unsupportable conspiracy that comes across on the edge of paranoia rather than sound, unbiased reason. And when Levin starts out the book stating that the justices should be treated as humans rather than gods, he wants to convey the idea that their actions may be questioned, but will not acknowledge himself that the history of precedents may also be the mistakes of the same human beings whom he does not want us to deify. Levin also breaks his guise of the the reasonable viewer of history when he tries to establish the intents of the founding fathers, equating Jefferson's participation in prayer services at Congress as a direct negation of his over-used mention of the wall of separation. Clearly, Levin cannot see no possible correlation between the two, and thus the questioning of the validity of prayer in schools must be a moot argument. Just to make sure that his bias is clear, he throws in a little slippery scare tactic of suggesting a future where religious observance is also banned in the home. Levin makes the same kind of rhetorical blunders when he suggests that Blackmun may have turned 'left' under the influence of his wife (while giving a little shot in the arm to Richard Nixon for having the foresight of wanting to base a Supreme Court nomination partly on the quality of a man's wife). When discussing the famous argument over the inclusion of "under God" in the pledge of allegiance, Levin focuses more on how much the plaintiff's daughter actually wanted to say the phrase, which is of course moot when considering the actual legitimacy of requiring the phrase in a patriotic statement. In the end, this book comes across as yet another argument of bias in what has clearly become a divisive popular culture--evidently, a book isn't commercially viable unless it has a line to hold, no matter which side.I almost hate myself for this review I have no doubt that Charles Baxter will be noted as one of our most thoughtful and philosophic American writers of this time period. He has moved impressively from short story collections (my experience with his work started with _A Relative Stranger_) to a full-blown novelist. Even from his first novel, _First Light_, Baxter has shown a great mixture of a kind of old-school character depth, with high school teachers able to discuss railroad companies and quote classics in normal conversation, mixed in with a clearly modern sense of the world. His characters remind me somewhat of people who occupy Tony Hoagland poems--people who seem to be stuck in a netherworld of intelligentsia and down-home simplicity. _The Feast of Love_ was a good choice as a finalist for an NBA--perhaps it should have won, but I haven't yet read the competition and winner. But this novel doesn't ring out like other works, and it seems to spend too long mulling about with little engagement. I almost regret saying these things, and almost feel that I need to rethink my priorities, that maybe I've become a jaded or oversimplified reader, for I very nearly put down this book after about forty pages because I was feeling that Baxter was a little more invested in the young couple that is the primary focus of this book than he was able to convey to me. To tell the truth, the only thing that really brought me back to this book to gut it out and read through the rest is that the back cover promised some violence, something I would not have predicted from my initial experience in the reading. Now I really feel ashamed. Baxter is such a wonderful writer, who is able to take the oft-used gimmick of quirkiness and use it to his advantage. Usually, his characters engage me me solely for their oddities that bring out their humanity rather than display their eccentricities. But even with the promised violence of this book, I remained unengaged to the end. I think Baxter is a wonderful writer. Really. And it is the truly fantastic writer who gets the job done, who finishes a work even though lightning hasn't struck yet and do his job and get his efforts out there into the world. But unfortunately, this one just wasn't one of his best efforts. But I shouldn't be the one to talk--after all, HE is the one who later put out _The Feast of Love_ and very nearly got one of the big prizes, and I just sit here typing this review.
Historical garbage we have to know. The Kindle edition is good, but the content is horrifying! We must know what these lunes wrote in order to know their followers of today. That is regrettable that someone truly believes on that nonsense. Our Universities are filled with that kind of discourse. We must be aware of it.
Soft porn This is a book written to appeal to the erotic senses. ( I don't know if that sentence is grammatically correct). It is really not much of a story. Very shallow and superficial but sexually stimulating for those who like that sort of stuff. I don't mind erotic material but I like a little bit of a believable story wrapped around it.
Way to easy The only reason i finished the book is because I bought it via Kindle and though and hoped it was going to get better! The story could be good, but it's all a little too easy. They are supposed to be Vampires, but the main character is nothing but weak and annoying. She is spoiled and a total brat. Her "live mate" is a loser who would trust anyone. He is a psychologist and a babysitter. He has no back bone and worst of all agrees to everything. What a loser of a Man. The conversation throughout the book is beyond lame and childish. The main bad guys are stand around being confused and helpless weaklings. Besides the fact that the are as bright as a box of rocks. Poor Thomas is over 200 and is such child, who had all the potential.
Hated it!! Too many cousins and endless inner dialogues HATED IT!!!! What was this ? Love by committee ? It felt like most Of Lissi's family was in this relationship with her and Greg.. They were RARELY Alone and then when they were it felt like 10 pages of inner dialogue In their head... I HATE it when the characters spend more time talking in their Heads than to each other :( almost ever scene was her stupid nosy boundary Ignoring cousins or her mother or aunt... Yes!!! Yes!!! I want to live 100's of years That have absolutely no boundaries ,like grown cousins that walk in during Sex without ever bothering to knock....no thanks... Boring and awful
pretty formulaic I didn't hate it, Im a sucker for a strong hero and a good hearted heroine, but the " I have to marry you against my will to save you from the evil lecher who is trying to kidnap you, who also wants to use you to elevate his position and find the lost treasure" plot is kind of tiresome. It might pass a few hours but you can do better with another Julie Garwood novel, like "The Secret".
Tedious at best I have never read any of Ms. Mayes previous books, but I have seen the movie--many, many times when my own wonderust arose. This book was long--too long. Boring and tedious, the author forced me to filter through all her superficial and lackluster descriptions of many of the places I have loved to visit myself. She, herself, a tourist, hated the fact that other people thought as much to visit the same places. There is a lot of foreign words, terms and phrases to get through. She ate so much food and the descriptions of each meal abound, page after heart-stopping, artery-clogging page. I had no idea I picked up a book about food. If I had, I would have spent my money on something else. I also was offended by several of her remarks/reference about the limited number of black people she came in contact with. It was not a total loss, I did flag a few pages, where I will follow up on (museums, artists, historical references, etc). It is the first travel memoir I have read start to finish, it may be a while before I attempt another one.
Caution, spoiler alert. While I usually like this author's work, I did not like this. Spoiler alert! The reason I did not like this and why I gave it one star is it is not adequately described in the product listing. It should have a genre notation that tells you that it has a prominent BDSM aspect to the two main characters relationship. I would not have purchased this had I been given that information in the description. I do not enjoy that type of story and it destroyed the story for me. That stated, if you like that type of subject matter, you will likely enjoy the book. It does have some glaring grammatical errors, such as the incorrect use of objective and subjective pronouns, and mixed tense in the same sentence. A good editor might have helped, but it is not nearly as bad grammatically as many e-books these days.
I really hate e-books Books are supposed to be made of paper and ink. And reading this short story several years after its release certainly didn't help me recount most of the other NJO books, or what was going on. I probably could have gone many more years without reading this, with no loss.Boba Fett always makes for a good read I hate e-books. Loathe them, in fact. But at the time, that's all that was available. So I read it. Good story.
Another brilliant but stupid heroine. I can't express enough my disdain for what I call "stupid women" books, and this is a prime example. Faced with brutal, very recent and close to home examples of why trusting a being in the sky to protect her from danger, another in a long line of brilliant but stupid women acts totally contrary to her own safety and security and has to be rescued by a man. First of all, she's an idiot. Second, she's very prideful if she thinks her faith is somehow superior to her two friends who have been attacked. No thanks.
Jr. High Essay This was the second worse book I've ever read - my fault for thinking it might be similar to Ride The Wind, which is one of the best books I've ever read. This book was quite frankly, awful
Horrible and disappointing This book seemed to lack a complete train of thought due to it trying to cram more than one theme between it's pages. The author seemed to have the attention span of a gnat and the idea that everyone who reads his work speaks fluent Spanish. We do not. I did not enjoy this book and only finished it because it was suggested by a reading group and I hate not finishing books. But I did not enjoy it. It was all over the place and lacked direction. In an effort to seem epic, this novel only disappoints and leaves the reader wondering what just happened.
Who are these people & what year is it?!?! I understand that an erotic novel is sometimes just that & that's fine. I'm willing to suspend disbelief with the best but this was just beyond the pale. I would've thought it was a joke save for the sex scenes which though graphic were anything but sexy or even accidentally humorous. The characters seemed to be placed in the plot merely to execute a series of not very imaginative sex positions with no relation at all to their station in life or the time period they are meant to be living in let alone any kind of inner life or even surface life. Skip it!
Not her best I love most of Catherine Coulter's historicals but this one just didn't measure up to others. The middle of the book just became confusing and the end seemed rushed. I would recommend readers go for other books in the Sherbrooke series and stay away from this one.
A Ridiculous Novel In Countdown, Jane Maguire is a student at Harvard who has managed to elude serial killers in the past twicea real believable premise to begin withand now people are trying to get her again. If you detect the sarcasm, its because this novel has a major failing in believability. This time Jane is targeted because she resembles Cira, a concubine of Julius Ceasar, who was alleged to have a major cache of gold given to her by Ceasar. All of these nefarious parties are after the gold, which for some reason Im supposed to believe that they would think she would know about because of her resemblance. Its a ridiculous premise for a ridiculous novel. There is very little that I liked about the novel. The character of Jane Maguire bears no resemblance to an actual person. She has skills that far surpass anyone of her age and experience would have. She also doesnt come off at all like a college student. The plot also has a complete lack of reality to it. At the point where terrorists got involved, I should have just stopped reading. Unfortunately, I slugged through it, and the book did not get any better as it got along. The characters, the plot, and the writing were all subpar, and I would advise skipping this novel. Carl Alves author of Conjesero
Disappointing I bought the book mainly because it contained a quote that it could sit beside "The Killer Angels" and other great Civil War novels. After reading it, the only thing it has in common with "The Killer Angels" is that they both take place during the Civil War. It starts out with great promise and in fact has a decent ending chapter, but everything else between was a let down. At times I felt like the book was transforming into a historical romance novel or at its worst a bad Lifetime movie. Now, there's nothing wrong with historical romance novels, but that's not the kind of book I wanted to read. If the purpose of the book was to make you care about Carrie McGavock, for me at least, it fails. I'm sure the real Mrs. McGavock was a very interesting person, but I doubt she was anything like the person portrayed in this book. Her "romance" is so unbelievable and based on such pure fiction that it makes me wonder how angry the real Carrie McGavock would be if she could read it...not to mention how the real Mr. McGavock would feel about it. Meanwhile the man at the center of her attraction is unlikeable and comes across as ignorant. Why Mrs. McGavock would feel attracted to him all the while her husband just stands by and accepts it is never understood. Her husband is a kind gentleman who has given her everything and would do anything for her. She feels nothing for him for most of the book (for no reason given in the book) yet falls for this guy who is rude, stupid and has breath that smells like rotting hay...makes no sense and is borderline defamation of character. The real story of Carrie McGavock takes place in the house turned hospital and in the last twenty pages of the book. Everything else just feels like words to make the book longer and to make Carrie McGavock seem more 21st century rather than what she probably actually was. And if you do a little research after reading the book you'll find that not even the ending is all that accurate. I understand that it's a historical fiction, but I don't think that's an excuse to change facts just so it will fit the plot.
disappointing addition to a decent series I'll preface this review by saying that I've read the other 3 books in the 'With or Without' series, and found them to be fun, light reads. I really enjoyed the diverse, well-drawn characters and the dramatic tension, two things which seem to be Langley's strengths. But both are ENTIRELY missing from this short book. The characters are beyond shallow, and the plot is contrived and stupid. The characters meet, discover they're mates, and immediately fall in to bed together, despite the fact that one of them was very recently almost raped. What? Really? In her other books the characters go through a struggle, coming to terms with finding their mates and deciding how to deal, but there is no drama or development here whatsoever, just sex and attempts at humor that fall completely flat. To be fair, I couldn't get to the end, so maybe it does get better. This is a really disappointing addition to what is otherwise a pretty great series. I'll still look forward to the next full-length release, but if you like the series, do yourself a favor and just skip this one.
JUST PLAIN SILLY!!!! Like a Jerk I bought the 4 for 3 promotion in this series. WHAT A MISTAKE!!! the story is so predictiable and is suppose to be funny; by making fun of vampires and IT WAS NOT FUNNY AT ALL JUST PLAIN SILLY!!!! I was looking for a similar writting style like the author Kerrelyn Sparks!! who writes Hillarious,but Dangerous, Sensual Romanic Page Turners, that can make you laugh until you cry, so with that said this book was very disappointing!!!! So I guess I will read the others in the series since I already have them, when I just don't have anything else to read!!
Not paranormal, not historical, not good Although the title of the book may make you think this is a paranormal romance, it is not. There are three "fates" who serve to match the main characters and make them fall in love (they seem to be serving the needs of the heroine, but this is never explained) and also intervene at a critical point to ensure the HEA. These are the only paranormal elements and they really struck me as lazy storytelling - they just make it so the author doesn't have to explain why a confirmed bachelor would suddenly marry a woman he's never met before (and one who is the opposite of his physical type) and ensure that the heroine is rescued. Maybe you like unexplained love at first sight romances. I don't, so be aware that is what you're getting. He loves her at first sight and he finds they're good in bed together and she cleans up his house so he decides to keep her around. Although the initial setup of the book may make you think this is a historical romance, it is not. The world is generic king and castle fantasy, but there isn't any realism or research. It's maybe England, but witches were burnt at the stake at some point (witches were hung in England and England's witch craze happened AFTER the vagueish time period of this book). There are open lesbians (who have threeways with the queen). Illegitimate children can somehow inherit their father's title and property. The setting was pretty much whatever the author wanted it to be. The sex scenes were good, but I found myself so frustrated by the lazy storytelling and vague details that I didn't much enjoy this overall. The author was also kind of fixated on testicles. The hero's are "set aflame" when he sees the heroine (I asked my husband about this and he said he's never noticed anything like that happening when he sees a pretty girl). When he notices she has nice teeth, he wondered what they would feel like biting him there. At one point, he's thinking about her, trips, and hurts himself there. It was an unusual amount of attention to this area.
Stale This is such a boring book I almost didn't finish reading it! The so called sensuality is totally missing and and erotic parts of the part are about as exciting as reading a manual on putting a bookcase together....very mechanical. The plot was good, but the presentation very poor. There were no redeeming qualities in any character, and I kept thinking I must have missed a page and went back to re-read trying to figure out what was going on. I wouldn't recommend this book...I couldn't recommend this book...It is a waste of time, and the ending is flat.
An artful portrayal of gloom This book did not live up to my expectations of an Irish gem. In fact, just a few days after finishing it, I find it hard to recall details. The writing was gorgeous and brilliant. But unfortunately, the plot and characters were very dark, so I felt dragged down and depressed while reading this book. I got confused when the plot jumped all over the place, from past to present. The characters all resent each other bitterly, revealing little affection or hopefulness. Reading this during winter in Seattle was just too dreary.
Hard to understand in the 21th Century I was so looking forward to reading THE COMMUNIST MANIFESTO I wanted to see what all the Buzz was about. I like most heard many things about this book both good and bad. It is a short read but many of the terms and geographic location don't relate to today as least I found it difficult to understand I did not learn anything new that I did not know about Communism before I read it. So if you have a little time on your hands go ahead download and read it
It's Free. That's about it. Ok, I know it's free and shouldn't complain... but sometimes I just can't help myself. Does that make me a bad person? No, just an honest one. At first It was ok....not bad, but then I signed up for some REAL blogs and discovered that yes...BAD, and getting worse! It's a waste of my time to read about a cooking utensil for something I will never cook or a designer's clothes I will never be able to afford. There are occasionally some info on books, but I can certainly find that on my own. Seriously, kitchen utensils, what the celebrities wore at a concert and Korean cooking(which is quite frequently blogged about) are not things that I will miss after canceling my "subscription". But hey, That's just me! DawnBee <3 (you get what you pay for)
Reads like a 30 min. sitcom Having never read any of this series, I wanted to do it in order. This book is the first of the series, but wasn't published in that order. I can see why. If anyone else, that likes this series would start with this book, they would most likely stop with this book too. I think it's supposed to be a comedy, and does have a few funny parts to it, but not enough to make me want to buy another book in the series. It's like watching a TV sitcom, a laugh here and there, with a bit of silly plot. I've read other reviews on other books in the series, and people really like them. So, I'm at a crossroads as to going on to the next book. Just don't know if I want to invest the time to see if this series improves.A who done it,right up to the end A mystery taking place in the heart of a Jewish community, lets the reader learn quite a bit about the way of life within this religious culture. In the midst of a rape and murder, Det Peter Decker finds himself drawn to the would be victim, Tina Lazarus, but different ways of life, get in the way of a developing relationship. The has an ample share of suspects and remains a mystery til the end. A good start for the series.
One Star No jump to verses. Hard to navigate.
Could not finish This may not be a fair review of the book, as I did not finish. I read perhaps a quarter and finally gave it up, thinking of all the other books I had waiting. It simply did not capture my attention.
I've had this a long time. It was one ... I've had this a long time. It was one of my first Kindle books. I got as far as chapter 8 before stopping. It is simply not my type of book. The vampires exist in the 20th century... they have mothers, fathers, aunts, uncles, and cousins. I don't care for the sense of humour, either. A vampire in a Spider-Man onesie????
boring boring boring all around boring book!!! i always finish a boo konce i start reading it so i finished it but woah it did take some work!!!!! it goes back and forth way to much!!!! overall its just plain boring
A cucumber in his pants? Normally I would have given this a 1 because i abandoned it as being silly. Since it is so popular I gave it a 2 as maybe I'm just not in the mood for silly, and this starts out silly. Have so many books to read I'm just not willing to plod along. I don't think it will be any different down the road. It opens with the main male character blithely getting in the trunk of a car - the other main character is having a birthday and "mom" is collecting him as her present. Then the birthday girl drinks blood from a guy who, it turns out, has pads in his shoulders, a fake tan and a cucumber in his pants to hide that he's anemic He's seduces her. So, he's planning on unveiling his cucumber once he turns her on? Checked to see if this was a teen read but from other comments there are sex scenes so I guess it's just silly.
A big disappointment I am so frustrated with Anita Shreve. I cannot imagine her personal life. She keeps writing about people who love the wrong people, marry for the wrong reasons and cannot communicate with one another. Though immensely fast paced and readable, I did not like this first person account. It is told as a memoir that is written while the protagonist is on a train some 30 years later. It takes a great deal of time to learn that Nicholas Van Tassel, a pompous professor at a "Dartmouth-like" college in New England, falls for Etna Bliss, a repressed woman, who has secrets of her own. After their marriage, Bliss submits to her husband, but never participates in the joinings. Van Tassel is unable to discuss any of this with her and this, of course, leads to the Shreve's "big conclusion." Van Tassel is a small minded, midling professor who is jealous of other men, particularly another professor brought in to compete with Van Tassel for a school position. Though obsessive in general, his obsessions with his wife grated on my nerves!
One Star It's less than advertised, less than the print paper.
GLobe Newspaper I did not like the format, and the layout of articles were set-up in an odd way, and very difficult to read. In addition, this version of the Globe was not complete. I cancelled within one hour afer receiving it.
Not impressed... I like the series, but the Lainey character is just TOO out and about for me....waaay too much of a clutz..lol
"My daughter is going to love you. You are my best birthday gift ever." Marguerite Argeneau I liked the concept of the book more than the actual book: Vampire Mom kidnaps handsome psychologist to treat her hemaphobic Vampire daughter so she will no longer faint at the sight of blood, thereby freeing her daughter from feeding "off the hoof" and IV transfusions. The daughter, however, mistakes the good doctor for her "birthday dinner" and grabs a quick bite with ensuing misadventures aplenty. Dialogue doesn't really flow between characters and the plot is somewhat anemic, like the heroine. It was really difficult to reconcile the concept of a hundreds-year-old vampire wearing Spider-Man footie pajamas. Just saying. This had all the makings of a witty, romantic, comedy, but it just pales in comparison to the author's historical offerings.
Constitutional Concerns, or Politics as Usual? Men in Black is a book about excessive government power. It isn't concerned so much with legislative or executive power. Rather, this is a book about the growing power and influence of the Supreme Court; a court that author Mark Levin feels has overstepped its boundaries and taken upon itself to write the law in its own terms, often against the will of the people. Levin speaks with authority on the issue of Supreme Court responsibility and the division of power among the three branches of the U.S. government. He is a Constitutional lawyer so he is certainly qualified to write a book such as this. However, this book doesn't necessarily present the strongest case against Supreme Court authority and abuse of power and many of its arguments are weak and sometimes contradictory. One of the arguments the author makes throughout the book, for example, is that a law that has been voted into place by the people should almost always stand; without interference from the Supreme Court or any other court trying to overturn it. But what this type of argument fails to point out is that, since the United States was founded as a Republic form of government, the rights of all people- majority, minority, and otherwise- must be respected and upheld. Rights are not up for a vote, but based on Levin's reasoning, he seems to think it's okay to take away certain rights if the ballot results say so. Levin also argues against other things that many American's cherish, like the right to privacy. True, there is no explicit right to privacy granted in the Constitution, but that doesn't mean it isn't an implied right, intended by the nation's founders. Surveys show that the majority of Americans feel that privacy is a right and should be Constitutionally protected. Levin feels it is not a right and that the Supreme Court should not treat it as such. It's interesting how the book so Levin so quickly changes his position on democracy and the importance of upholding the will of the people when they vote something into law. If a vote of the people confirms the right to privacy, one would think that someone like Levin would agree that it should be made into law. But based on his other convictions in this book, he would likely be against it, in direct contradiction of some of his other stands on the issues and the Supreme Court's authority to decide them. In spite of Men In Black's faulty reasoning, there are some parts worth reading. The best chapter (by far) is chapter 10, "Silencing Political Debate". Here, the book accurately points out the very unconstitutional and un- American McCain- Feingold act of 2002 and how it silences free speech by making it a crime to talk about politicians in the days leading up to an election. How this ever became law and survived a review by the Supreme Court, I will never know. Levin is one- hundred percent correct in his criticism of this act and I share his disgust. Besides this chapter, there are some other good points made regarding certain individual laws (many are mentioned in the book) from over the years and how their fate was decided by the Supreme Court and they also make for good reading. Overall, however, Men in Black isn't quite the incredible work of constitutional writing that some of its endorsers claim. Mark Levin seems upset at the Supreme Court more for the trend toward more liberal thinking than for its supposed violations of the U.S. Constitution. If the Supreme Court was violating the Constitution in favor of a position that he and his fellow conservatives approve, then I doubt he would say anything about it. He also seems to believe that the will of the people is sufficient to trample on rights. It all adds up to a less than average book that fails to convince me of its initial premise: That the U.S. Supreme Court has excessive power and wields too much influence. It's a nice effort, but it doesn't quite convince.
Not her best in my estimation. This book was draggy. I've enjoyed several others but this just did not keep my interest. I did not finish reading it.
Disappointing I had looked forward to this book so much and I was so disappointed. It was incredibly slow moving which puzzled me until I realized that these were a bunch of college lectures hobbled together. She went on and on about food but after reading Julia Child's book the descriptions were flat not exciting. If you want to read someone who appreciates food, read Child not Mayes. I really couldn't stand how she mocked other tourists because, believe it or not, Ms. Mayes you too are a tourist. If I was that cruise company, I'd send her a bill. She also seems to have a major problem with overweight people. It was a catty, boring book. I wished I had read the reviews before I bought it.
Skip it! While heavily researched and accurately told, the main character, the woman, is just this side of sane, but her discussions with herself seemed insane. I'm grateful I waited for this to go on sale, because @ 59% read, I quit reading it. Big disappointment!
You'll Like the Book if You Already Agree with the Author Remember Zell Miller's impassioned speech at the Republican National Convention? Remember how articulately he enumerated the failings of the Democratic Party and its leaders? Remember his appeal to common sense and the power of his oratory? Then recall the analysis of his speech afterward by respected voices from all frequencies on the political spectrum? The conclusion: his speech didn't change a single mind, didn't capture a single vote for the President. The problem was that his appeal was not to the middle, where the difference is made, but to the already committed. Men in Black follows suit. It is designed to make Conservatives more comfortable with their conservatism. It is an articulate presentation of the argument for "originalism," or as it used to be called, "strict constructionism." If the Constitution doesn't say anything about abortion, then issues related to abortion cannot be adjudicated by the Supreme Court. A perusal of the chapter headings reveals its themes: Radicals in Robes...Justices in the Bedroom...Endorsing Racism...Al Qaeda Gets a Lawyer...and my personal favorite, Socialism from the Bench. Mark Levin is absolutely right; his arguments are sound, and the logic is well-developed. Yet, his bombastic style detracts from the presentation and ultimately makes us feel partisan, as opposed to intellectually curious. Levin's book may make the red states a shade redder, but the outreach to the undecided mind remains to be done.
Not all Pulitzers the same... I had a hard time staying with this one!!!! Why do some authors feel they must use a foreign language to such a great extent????? Most times when I read something, I can fill in the blanks.....not this one!I loved the information on the bees and the wisdom tucked ... That's one I would read again!!!! I loved the information on the bees and the wisdom tucked away in the book. Sad, but sweet.
Poor Selection. Note the title. This is a selection of fairy tales, in fairly poor translation, not the full "Grimm's Fairy TALES", or "Household Stories" collection. There are places where the stories seem to drop off or change direction suddenly mid-stream. "The Little Brother and Little Sister", for example, is missing a paragraph that is in other versions, which is needed to follow the plot. A few stories seem to have no point or plot at all, or added endings, although "Catherine and Frederick" is only a little worse here than in other versions I have found. Most of the good stories are repeated in better collections. Only notable bits: "Bearskin" is one that isn't in every collection of Grimm's Tales, and I found it enjoyable. I prefer the stories like this and "The Six Swans", in which the day is won through persistence and cleverness. Also, he cheats the devil, which is always a nice touch. Many of these stories are solved through nothing more interesting than dumb luck. This version of "The Frog Prince" has a very beautiful beginning, but the rest of the story is disjointed, uninspired, and annoying. Overall it was very uneven, and next time I'll search Project Gutenberg for the full tales.
bummer I am a huge fan of Native American romance. This, by far was the worst I have ever read. I actually stopped reading it because I was so turned off. I believe that if you are going to write about historical fiction, you should at least use vocabulary conducive to the time period. This was so off. I am also all about steamy scenes and I am in no way a prude, but the language used here was ridiculous. The plot was silly and unrealistic.
Fragmented What do a dwarf, a factory girl, Freud, and some gangsters have in common? Very little. In general, I don't mind alternating narration but in this case it was a burden. Jumping between characters and time lines, even within the chapter, it was unclear what was happening when and to whom. The storylines are supposed to intertwine, but there wasn't enough connection between the stories to make it a success. Dreamland is another novel with potential that needed more polish.
D is for disappointing Midway through this book I could not help but think about the Emperor's New Clothes. The consenus of my book group was that this book was incredibly lazy and written with contempt for the reader. I truly am a constant reader with sons, who probably has read more sci-fi and fantasy than most readers of this book (trust me, I am pretty good with LOTR, Star Trek, Star Wars, and most super heroes) and I could not get the full meaning of all of the references. (Oops, perhaps I should say the LOTR is Lord of the Rings, before I do the same thing.) My only conclusion is that our author did not care if we did. The footnotes were self-indulgent and should not have made it past an editor. They were distracting and not appropriate here. Novels that are set in perilous political times are not unusual. His book and his Dominican history are no more important here and the reader is no more ignorant here. It is the author's job to assume ignorance and make his story work without footnotes. Take Mr. Pip, a brilliant work of fiction set in a time of real political crisis in a real south pacific island country. There were no footnotes. If you wanted to know more about the history, you went and looked it up. Everything you really needed to understand the people and care about them was on the page. The reader learned a lot about the conflict from its impact on the characters. This novel switches narrators from time to time and the voices are poorly developed. The life situations surrounding these characters are very dramatic, but it is very difficult to care about any of them. The themes of home, displacement and alienation are powerful themes that are not developed. Oscar's death should be tragic, but I wasn't weeping. As an aside, much of the book is in untranslated Spanish- mainly foul and rude language that was part of the characterization. No complaints here about the vulgarity since that was part of his story. But. Those of us who read the book in English with so much untranslated Spanish are clearly reading a different book from those who read the book in Spanish where I assume that the entire book was in the same language. Even when you got the gist of the Spanish, it was another level of distance placed between the reader and the characters. Perhaps, you say, that it just really could not be translated. To which I say baloney. That is just one more way to say that we are just not capable of seeing those new clothes. Much was made of his years of toil and the years of anticipation for this book, but the years do not show. It looks lazy, pretentious and self-indulgent. The Pulitzer Prize is very uneven. There is no way that this book is on a par with The Known World, Interpreter of Maladies, Empire Falls or even The Road. I do believe that there are stories in this novel that should be told and I am interested in reading them, but it looks to me that they need to be told by someone else.
Buy another paper I used to get the Post on paper and switched to Kindle for the last couple of years. The paper has gone downhill: the writing has suffered, analysis is almost gone, and the paper has become more and more biased. While the navigation is good, the Kindle version frequently has typos, and it will refer you to the website Post for many interesting articles which are clipped short. As I am a local, I expect the Post to also cover local news, but it is deficient in what it selects. There are some major issues going on, but they prefer to go back to some crime that is unsolved and happened years ago rather than dig into current issues--it's probably cheaper. The Post covers politics, but the reporting is typically he said, she said with little or no research or analysis, and the editorial and news selection slant is decidedly pro-illegal immigrant. I am not a conservative, but I would like more balanced reporting regardless of what the editorial board has to say. To be fair, the Post occasionally has a fact checker article that is useful. For the last several months, I've found myself skipping over the much of the paper. Many of the writers have an annoying habit of launching into an article, but failing to give you the key information until the last couple of paragraphs. I suppose that is to peak my interest or something, but it's like listening to Bolero. I am in the process of cancelling the subscription. By all means, try a free subscription though. I subscribed for years. Who knows, you might like it, especially if you are pro-illegal immigrant.
Too rushed at the end; too many loose ends I have enjoyed many of Ms. Coulter's books. I also enjoy Paranormal romances (e.g. M.J.Putney and Jayne Ann Krentz). The premise of this book is quite interesting (and is shown above so I will not repeat it). The book started off strong, with Ms. Coulter's standard rapid-fire dialogue. One minor weak spot was that the characters seem to fall in love without any real interaction. However, the ending was quite rushed. The author spent hundreds of pages developing the story and mystery just to have everything wrapped up in "the pale" crammed into less than 50 pages. Also, the ending was confusing and I had to re-read it a few times to make sure I really understood it. Finally, there were A LOT of loose ends such as ***SPOILER*** who shot at Nicholas, how did her "foster" brother's desire to solve the myster play into things, what was up with the scepter with the "feeling of magic" that Nicholas and Grayson saw - but nothing happened with, how could Nicholas be both himself and Egan...and many more loose ends ***END OF SPOILERS*** I am not sure if all of these loose ends and characters that went nowhere were to setup future books or what. To sum, I would recommend checking this out of the library to read and save your money for a better book.
Story Fell Flat I read the book, but didn't really like it. There were lots of assumptions and leaps that needed to help the story move forward. I was really dissappointed.
Sinister Snorefest My rating is directed at the content of this book. Included: Marx's life timeline, The Communist Manifesto, The 18th Brumaire, Theses on Feuerbach, and related prefaces. Also included, but not rated with 1 star is the Introduction. Marx was the ultimate moocher. He never had a job and was kicked out of countries for being an instigator. Engels was the ultimate enabler. He came from a wealthy, manufacturing family and supported Marx and his family. Oddly enough, Engels seemed to loathe the fortune he was born to, but rather than donating all to charity, he helped Marx in his efforts to demonize all private property. Engels admits that they originally wanted to name it "The Socialist Manifesto" but due to extraneous reasons and that "mere revolutions were not enough" they settled on "Communist." A note to Communists/Socialists- Marx/Engels state that it is high time that you are open about your views and aims. Be honest. There is an argument against current Capitalist society as having "agglomerated population, centralized means of productions and has concentrated property in a few hands. The necessary consequence of this was political centralization." Which I must argue, sounds like the definition of Fascism...not Capitalism. So what is the cure for this disease? Centralization of property and power to the State. oh, that makes perfect sense. So now, all the mega-property owners can maintain status quo- playing footsie with politicians and even becoming those that govern. Sounds like musical chairs. There are too many asinine ideas to detail, but some highlights (or lowlights) are; abolition of the family; abolition of home education; abolition of nations; abolition of eternal truth, religion, and morality; aboltion of private property; abolition of inheritance; progressive income tax (we have it!); confiscation of property; central bank (we have it!); centralized communication and transport; production owned by the State (GM); industrial armies (national service); abolition of town and country; free education (nothing is free). Sign me up! I couldn't see how any tyrant could steer the reins of this centralized machine. If a tyrant wanted the blueprint on how to take over an entire nation, Socialism/Communism is the perfect design. In regards to the rest of the content...incredibly tiresome. The writing is really hard to relate to- its very dispassionate and dull. I got the book for the Manifesto, not the rest.
Great Delusion Since I can remember this book studied, quoted and I never understood what this was about and the purpose of it. My opinion is Ramblings of a delusional man. Read about 50 pages and didn't understand anything. Deleted it.
I had heard this was a good book so I was looking forward to reading it ... I had heard this was a good book so I was looking forward to reading it but was rather disappointed with it. It would have a page or two that was interesting followed by many pages that were filled with boring information.
Boring It was all right, but the series seems to be going down. I hope Sweet Revenge is better.
A very slow read. Very boring and slow to read. The plot is far-fetched and plods along at a very slow pace. The leading characters are obnoxious. A waste of time when there are better books out there.
Not for me... Aren't vampires supposed to be predators instead of prey? That's what I got out of the books so far. I haven't finished all the books, yet. The main characters are such goody, goody people/vampires...it starts to get annoying to me. They get caught, than torture and almost dying in the process, and the H/h runs and hide. Come on do something about it. Instead the H/h thinks if we do something they're going to think the worst of us, pay attention...the villains already think that way that's why they are being hunted. The H/h should at least try to intimidate them so they could be left alone, if they are not going to kill anyone. It's just not for me if the H/h are such wimps...I know many likes the books. Sorry but I won't get the second part. so glad it was free.
Grimm's Fairy Stories Not exactly what I remember the stories to be but this might be a different version then the one I was read.
I like Catherine Coulter's FBI books I like Catherine Coulter's FBI books. This book was complicated, and for me not easy to follow, and some parts just too strange. I never quite figured out who the female character was in relation to the current "hero", or why the character in the past owed her a debt. In comparing to a favorite book, "Secrets of Witches" by D. Hearkness (not sure of spelling her name) this just falls way short, and short of the FBI/CIA series. Her characters are somewhat predictable.
Thumbs down This was not a good choice for me. The preview made it sound better than it was. Hard to follow.
You need a dictionary or more than basic high school ... You need a dictionary or more than basic high school Spanish to be able to really "get" this book. Irritating to have to look things ups or skip over sections because you don't understand. My book club (40 + years 3 of whom are teachers) decided that it must have gotten awards due to the cultural portrayal and new interest in Cuba. We gave it a "D"
Werewolves in love I read J.L. Langley's series that started in Without Reservations out of sequence. I started with With Caution, which actually I think helped me appreciate the first book more. While I enjoy J.L. Langley's style of writing, I think that With Caution is the weaker of the two books. Jake Romero is a great original character and she gets him right, but in trying to create more of a back-story for Remington Lassiter, J.L. Langley went askew. Remington is a badly written, feminized character who seemingly needs a man to either abuse him or save him. I found neither appealing. While the sex scenes between Jake and Remi were hot, the pairing of these two men would have better served if the author had made Remington less feminine and more of an equal with Jake. She did that perfectly with Chay and Keaton in Without Reservations. Even though Keaton was described as "Little Bit," and small in stature, he still was a masculine man who could stand up to his lover (Chay) and all of members of the wolf pack. Somehow, the author lost that in the Remington characterization and instead went the way of Japanese sterotypes of seme and uke. That is a shame, as I would have enjoyed this book so much more without those generalizations in the plot. While I could not give this book a 5-star rating, I did enjoy the series overall. And I am looking forward to Sterling and Rhys' story, as neither of those characters seem to fall into the previous sterotypes I have mentioned before.
Awful, Awful, Awful - Pick another book. I am reading this book as our March book club book. I hate it. It is the most boring book that I have ever read, next to the Source, by James Michner. It is taking me a half hour to read one page. It may be a Pulitzer Prize winner but it's awful. Choose another book. Don't get this one. I love history but this book is not history. It seems to be all over the place. It goes from 11000 BC to 4000 BC to 1492 and from New Guinea to Australia to North America to South America with no connection. I'll say it again, I HATE THIS BOOK.
Not much of a love story When we first see Jake in Without Reservations (an all around great book!) we see a sensible, mature man willing to wait for his destined love. I was not expecting Sub/dominance sex play. Just horrible! There should have been a warning on this.
not worthy of the Man Booker prize- the writing is mediocre and simply a mess of words. Do not waste your money, check out at the library if you must - there were 12 other books longlisted for the Booker prize and certainly the "Welsh Girl" and the wonderful "Gift of Rain" would have been far better choices. What criteria was used in selecting?
Hated it I don't quite know what to say. Hated this book. Didn't care for the characters. Didn't like really any thing about this book. Am so disappointed. I just hate when I read a book I don't like.
couldn't get into it I got through 10% of this book, and it just didn't catch my interest--at all! Lots of unecessary profanity. Not worth my time. I'm mad I spent the money--I wouldn't have if it hadn't been a book club pick. Only 2 people in the group of about 15 liked it. I should have gotten a sample first.
Reverse Order - Why!!! I am afraid I just have to voice my complaint very strongly about the way this series is being published. This should have been the first story instead it comes after the others which are also not in order. The entire series is being published backwards. So how can I get interested in these vampires when the next book has a married brother unmarried and half the characters missing who were in the last story and someone is married who never had a story. What sense does that make? A primary reason for getting attached to a series is that the characters continue to grow not regress. I can hardly make sense out of who is supposed to be mated and who is not. What publisher would do such a thing and for what reason. Certainly not to get readers hooked. Believe me it took me a while to realize what was wrong with the series and why it seemed so confusing to me. If I were an author I would never let my work be published in that way. Was Ms. Sands afraid to argue with her publisher for fear of being dumped. She should have held out for the correct order and thus make this series ten times more enjoyable and 100 time more addictive. I was so disgusted when I realized who the main characters were (they were already married in a previous book). Do yourself a favor wait till this series is finished and then buy all the books and read them in order. I wish I had taken my own advice, but I realized too late that there was a problem.
Not traditional Garwood I've been a Garwood fan since the release of The Bride in about 1973 and her historical romances are my favorite because they are light, funny fairytales that come to life with polite-lady heroines whose gentle, yet courageous manner wins the heart of their warrior husbands. This book never comes to life; Gabrielle allows life to happen to her instead of earning people's respect and goodwill. She watches life but doesn't participate. Cole is reportedly a fierce warrior yet the reader only sees him chasing around like a chicken with its head cut off. This fierce Highland laird submits to marriage with a hated English woman due to a debt, unbelievable. Basically, the plot has potential but is sorely underdeveloped.
Don't tell Mammy. Anne Enright was born in Dublin in 1962. She is a graduate of Trinity College Dublin, an ex-employee of RTE and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature. The Gathering was her fourth novel and won the 2007 Booker Prize. "The Gathering" is told my Veronica Hegarty, a 39 year old Dubliner. She's married to Tom and the couple have two daughters, Rebecca and Emily. As the book opens, word has just come through that one of Veronica's brothers, Liam, has committed suicide in Brighton. Liam had been struggling with a drink problem for years; Veronica suspects his problems may have stemmed from an incident in their childhood. With "The Gathering", Veronica apparently aims to tell Liam's story...though "to tell Liam's story, then I have to start long before he was born". She begins in 1925, when her grandmother, Ada Merriman, first met Lambert Nugent. Lamb was smitten instantly, but - unfortunately for him - Ada went on to marry his friend Charlie Spillane. While Veronica may have wanted to tell Liam's story, by the end of the book I knew precious little about him - she focuses instead on Ada and Lamb, and a large part of that story appears to have come out of her own imagination. It also becomes obvious that she hates men in general, and Tom - her poor husband - appears to be utterly baffled as to where some of her comments are coming from. (It's never made clear where this hatred came from and I finished the book wondering exactly what had happened to Veronica). Somehow, she oblivious to her hatred, and apparently confuses poison and bitterness with insight and wisdom. She frequently refers to herself as "the one who loved him [Liam] the most" - a line that I found harder and harder to believe the more and more she said it. A struggle, and not a book I'd recommend - though I would say it was more deserving of the 2007 Booker Prize than "On Chesil Beach".
Not chomping at the bit for book 2. A number of years ago, I couldn't even tell you how many, I somehow ended up with a book by Lynsay Sands, titled Tall, Dark & Hungry. I don't know how it came to be in my possession, but it became my favorite bathroom book. Yes, I read it while...well, you know. And it was entertaining. Knowing it was the fourth book in a series, I had always meant to read the others, but I just never got around to it. "Readers woes." And then A Quick Bite, the first in the Argeneau Vampire series magically went on sale at B&N for $0.99. Romance and vampires....how's a girl supposed to resist? It could be that I have developed more discerning tastes in the last few years...but I didn't find myself enjoying A Quick Bite as much as I did Tall, Dark & Hungry. The writing was fun, engaging and the characters all witty, so it's not that I didn't identify with them (okay, okay, "identify" is strong language for a vampire book, but you get what I'm saying!). I think it's just that I sometimes found the story SO ridiculous, that even as a fictional vampire book, it was too much for me to believe. Call it what you will. Some of my problems with the story lay with Greg, the kidnappee, becoming totally a-okay with being kidnapped. Hey, I don't care what the reasoning was, it just felt un-fricken-believable. Stockholm Syndrome much??? I also had a problem with the entire coven of vampires openly talking about their vampirism in front of Greg when he didn't even know about it...and then acting all shocked when he heard them. "OMG, WE WERE TALKING RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU AND YOU HEARD US... NO WAY!" For vampires, some of them were just really fricken stupid. Come on, man. But I think the thing that aggravated me the most was that I knew who the bad guy was, before there was even a bad guy. I hate when authors lead me around by the nose, like I won't be able to figure it out for myself...or even worse, like I don't like surprises. It also felt like the said bad guy was there as an after thought, just to move the story from point A to point B, with no true substance. Because sometimes he was there, and then he would be forgotten for large portions of the book. Snooze. I don't know, maybe there was some deeper meaning there and I just blindly missed it. But you know what? Overall, I did enjoy reading the book. I didn't hate it, I just didn't like it a lot. I sort of wish I hadn't even spent 99 cents on it, but it is what it is. There is definite sexual chemistry for all you smut lovers out there, but there isn't a ton of sex...this isn't Black Dagger Brotherhood, after all. But it's probably still up your alley. I did like the twist Sands puts on how the vampires came into existance in the first place. Either it's been so long since I read the other book that I had forgotten, or it isn't mentioned in that one at all. Either way, it was news to me, and pretty fascinating to boot. I like when an author mixes a bit of cultural legend with fiction. The writing was funny and engaging as well, and yes, it was meant to be a comedy, because it did get quite a few lulz out of me. But I can definitely tell there have been improvements between books 1 and 4. I might even still read the others....someday.
boston globe paper ok but very disappointed that there were no comics. otherwise i would subscribe full time
Does not arrive on my device at all The only device it can appear is on my Nokia Lumia phone. Selected that option, and never saw any thing. Tried sending it via manage your content, and did not see it at all. Sheesh. Thankfully unsubscribed it before the trial period ended.
Uuuhhhhhggggg What happened to this story? This book was really boring to me. The characters were interesting enough and even the plot held major potential, unfortunately the story never reached its potential. The problem was it seemed to take forever to get anywhere in the story. The dialogue was really awkward and the jumping narratives a little confusing from time to time. I had high hopes for this book based on the back cover description, but I just could not get into it, it never delivered what it promised, it never even came close. It took me forever to read it and when it was done I was vastly relieved! This book was a major dud and disappointment. Cherise Everhard, January 2009
Science Fiction not Paranormal Romance I have been saving the Argeneau novels for awhile, as there are so many of them I wanted to have time to read them one after another. I needn't have bothered as I doubt I will read the next one. Below you will find a few spoilers about the universe although not the plot. UNIVERSE SPOILERS: I began reading this book with optimism. We start off with a kidnapping and a hungry vampire. Not a bad place to start when reading a paranormal romance. However, as the universe of this novel is described, I got disgusted, as the vampires are more cyborgs than vampires, perhaps they can be best described as vampiric cyborgs. However, even if I could have gotten over that issue, I came against another one, this is a Pollyanna vampire story. Everyone is NICE and helpful. Centuries old beings behaving like teenagers in a 50s sitcom. I admit. I prefer my vampires to be traditional, but I can adapt and have enjoyed the True Blood Series (early books)&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dead-Until-Dark-A-True-Blood-Novel-1-Sookie-Stackhouse/dp/B0037471TO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dead Until Dark: A True Blood Novel: 1 (Sookie Stackhouse)</a>, Black Dagger Brotherhood&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dark-Lover-Number-1-in-series-Black-Dagger-Brotherhood-Series/dp/B004LX0DKO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dark Lover: Number 1 in series (Black Dagger Brotherhood Series)</a>, I can even do the comedic in the Undead series&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Undead-and-Unwed-Undead-Queen-Betsy/dp/0425242269/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Undead and Unwed (Undead/Queen Betsy)</a>&nbsp;. However, this felt like one of those old black and white movies where one of the gang has a problem and everyone gathers together for a sing along and by the end everything is fixed and everyone is happy even the old curmudgeon. If you like a Harlequin Romance with a toe just this side of the Vampire line, then the story telling is OK and it's not a bad read. HOWEVER, if you like your vampires about a mile past the human line, give this a miss. I don't recommend this.
Not so much The writing left a bit to be desired. Seemed more like it was written by a teenager trying to be grown. Not my favorite and I caught myself rolling my eyes quite a few times.
Just an abbreviated version Forget this..My iPad version of the Times is the real paper--photos, ads and all. The Kindle edition is not that. Yes, you get the stories, but if you're looking for a "newspaper" experience, this is not it.
it won't let me get it i didn't ever have it because it says its free but its really not and it won't let me buy it.tell me why at akre2011@embarqmail.com.please write back
Boring I had to push myself to finish this book, just hoping it would get better. It never did. Save your money.
some use of the word "wondrous" hitherto desconocido I've just finished The Brief, Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao, which puts one in mind of The Holy Roman Empire (which was neither "holy," "Roman" nor "an empire"). Diaz' book is interminable, fathomlessly tedious, the very antithesis of "wondrous"... and, no, the dysfunctional bergeek protagonist's name was not really "Wao," though it hardly matters. Much of the book is in a mixture of untranslated Spanish (in which I'm fluent, but you could imagine it might piss off someone who wasn't, and who'd purchased the book under the misapprehension that it might be intelligible), geekese, and footnotes of book-length duration. It goes without saying that it won the Pulitzer Prize and earned Diaz a MacArthur Genius Award. (I read it under duress from the members of a book club, who all agreed that it had been 300 pages of unremitting agony to read, but might have been rescued by two or three pages of uplifting poignant redemption at the end. You know, even as it's good to be hit by a train if you subsequently find an uneaten Mars bar on the track.)
Only death & killing Are there no other news beside people killings? If you want variety you are defenitely not going to obtain it here.
Not Sexy at All How many times can he touch her "there" and how many times can she say "no stop". Not a great book or style of writing. Don't do it !
Good for its historical value As a mestiza, I was very excited to see this collection of folk tales, hoping to get a new cultural perspective. But I really didn't enjoy this work. It's nice that this knowledge is being preserved, but readability is off. These have the sort of feel of Grimm's fairytales, but were recorded in a "scholarly" fashion, sucking all of the life out of them. Formatting is way off on my copy, so transitions between stories, or stories and cultural notes, isn't always clear. I also agree that because of when this was written, the cultural bias of the times is very apparent. I would say that if you are interested from a historical perspective, go ahead and read them, but if you are interested in enjoyable tales you are likely to be disappointed.
"Des" Troy Game Luckily, I listened to this book while I exercised rather than read it and found that Douglass's straightforward uncomplicated literary style directly complimented the mindless activity I strove to accomplish. This is not to say that I thought the book uninteresting or boring in any way. On the contrary, the storyline moves along, albeit the pre-historical plotline jars pathetically with the author's modern jargon leaving the reader no choice but to roll one's eyes upward in utter amazement at the blatant inconsistency. In a nutshell, the plot revolves around a somewhat undefined 'game' at which a labyrinth plays an integral part in protecting the city in which it is located. With the anger of a spurned woman, Ariadne of Crete beseiges her half-man half-bull brother Asterion to teach her the dark ways that will help her destroy the power of the labyrinth after Theseus throws her over for her younger sister. Of course, as mistress of the labyrinth, she leaves a backdoor for herself and her female progeny--a way in which to recreate the game in a future time and reclaim her power. Approximately 100 years later, Ariadne's heir Genvesa is all but ready, however she needs a King man to help her dance the mystical powers of the game back into being and forever trap Asterion in the center of the maze. Trojan Brutus, adept at the game, is her man and through a series of ploys and adventures, Genvesa lures him from Greece to the misty land of Albion--the southern portion of the British Isles. One crucial problem arises to snag Genvesa's plans when Brutus impulsively takes Cornelia, the daughter of a conquered king, as his wife and drags her along on his quest for the promised land of New Troy. In Albion, Genvesa has all but destroyed the old god and goddess that ruled the island. When the Albion mother goddess, Mag, Genvesa's chief foe, hides within Cornelia, Genvesa's plans to reconstruct the game are almost permanently foiled. As you can imagine, this tale is long and fraught with the machinations of all characters who seek either self-preservation or the heady power of pure domination. Douglass cleverly combines many myths to support her premise and to bring alive the baser natures of her creations. However trite, there is sex, gore and raw emotion galore, so much so that I found myself wincing with disgust at many of the too descriptive passages enlightening the reader to scenes of birth, death and utter savagery. The characters seem to be intentionally crafted as archetypes like the gods and goddesses of ancient Greece rather than real fleshed out personas. Brutus lives only for the power of kingship and possession of Genvesa. Cornelia, raped and torn from her family and country, somehow improbably forgets her grief and yearns for love from her brutal husband. Genvesa connives with a hallowe'en witch's malevolence while the rest of the cast are simply not finely drawn enough to not be categorized as either good or evil. All characters are either blighted with trite dialogue or overly long-winded emotional explosions. Bottom line: While the story will keep your attention, none of the characters are subtle enough to capture your emotions; they are stylized shadows which at times fail to elicit much response other than a shrug and a turn of the page. The literary style fails to recreate a feel for ancient times, rather it attributes modern day sensibilities to otherwise primordial savages. I don't know if I will read the second volume of this trilogy unless I could again listen to it while I engaged in something physically challenging.If You Liked the Movie . . . If you liked the movie version of this semi-autographical breeze of a read, you certainly will enjoy Frank Abagnale Jr's madcap recap of a scant few years of his life starting when he was barely sixteen. Endowed at an early age with a power physique and an attitude to match, Frank has no difficulty in getting people, especially "foxy" women to believe that he is ten years older. He blames his short life of crime on a perpetual case of spring fever-where ample loads of cash are needed to fuel this heavenly fire. A modern day P.T. Barnum, Frank gives his audience what they crave, cashing bogus checks that he becomes more adept at making as time goes on, while embarking on a spree of impersonations that range from doctor, lawyer, airplane co-pilot to university professor. Even with the full knowledge that crime doesn't pay, the reader cannot help but cheer Frank on as he "dead-heads" his way across the country and eventually around the world. As his descriptions of his stay in a French prison makes you wonder if any of this free-loading was worthwhile, we commiserate with his dread of being prosecuted by every country in Europe and are pleased when he finally serves his time in the US and actually escapes. Unlike the movie, the book devotes little time to the FBI agent who shares the cinematic spotlight or to the actual dynamics of Frank's family life. In fact, only in the book's afterward is Abagnale's actual present day career of check-fraud expert even mentioned. Recommended to all those who want to shake their heads in wonder at teenaged audacity.Dietary Pluralism Co-owner and chef of Primo restaurant in Rockland Maine, Melissa Kelly enthusiastically espouses the Mediterranean lifestyle in her new book, "Mediterranean Women Stay Slim, Too", an obvious take-off of the mega bestseller, "French Women Don't Get Fat" by Mireille Giuliano. Rather than focusing on the epicure wonders of one country, Kelly shoots for the melting-pot American approach of multiculturalism and sails the wine-dark sea in search of a metaphorically food-loving Ithaca. Unlike Giuliano's vignette-styled success, Kelly takes a foodie's approach: food snobbery and sheer gastronomical delight reign supreme tempered with gluttonless slow eating and small portion sizes. Her best tip? Special treats like a scoop of gelato shouldn't be eaten every day, but when one indulges the three-bite rule should be enforced; delight in only three bites and then stop before excess rules over commonsense. Kelly's book cruises along tracking other `real food' diet/lifestyle road maps like the "Sonoma" and "Fat Fallacy" regimes. If there is a difference its intaglio is the wealth of recipes that Kelly includes from seasonal staple dishes from menus of her famous restaurant composed of fresh ingredients facilitated by Primo's own vegetable and herb gardens. After explaining her Italian-American rearing on Long Island (you go girl---I am also an Italian American from Old Bethpage), she divides the book into familiar components---forgive my explanatory license here. Topics like `high flavor', `variety', `olive oil', `the market and garden', `tapas portions', `whole grain', `meat control', `eating at the family table', `water and wine', `eating little but eating well', `heart healthy', `living a small rural life', provide a glimmer into the svelte world of the archetypical Mediterranean woman with the addition of health factoids and individual stories that are geared to launch the convenience driven American mindset into a landscape resplendent with a cornucopia of good choices and the breathing room to utterly enjoy and savor the options. Although not your typical diet book replete with dietary dos and don'ts, Kelly does round out her information with a nuts and bolts chapter that answers the obvious questions of how? how much? and when? with a seven day-menu planner that controls portions, includes the wholesome foods discussed in the previous chapters and adds a little meat for a little excitement. Along with this, she plugs the idea of balance and contentment which seems to embody the Mediterranean woman and calls to mind that relaxed feeling that one gets even after a short two week trip abroad. Even though she admits that life in America seems very far away from life in the Mediterranean, she asserts that she "almost [has] it right" bolstering her opinion with Charlotte Cushman's words "To try to be better is to be better." Kelly's chatty style reflects the ease she employs to welcome us into her quasi-Mediterranean world. At times her enthusiasm runs amok and she falls into the same annoying foreign language usage utilized by Mireille Giuliano in FWDGF. Overtly, Mireille shamelessly uses her `French-ness' to charm her super-sized American audience; sadly Kelly's pseudo sophistication runs the foreign phrase gamut using too-cutesy italicized comments from Gibraltar to Lebanon that annoy rather than instruct and detract from otherwise good information. Bottom line? While Melissa Kelly's all-American pluralistic approach in "Mediterranean Women Stay Slim, Too" works well on the level of providing good information and interesting recipes, it seems that the current marketplace is saturated with so many books advocating real food and slow eating that they all seem to cover the same ground. Under the guise of learning the newest need-to-know slenderizing secrets of different cultures, we learn only a few simple facts: Eat well, eat slowly and enjoy life. Recommended to those who would appreciate some staple Mediterranean recipes. Diana F. Von Behren "reneofc"
Not my cup of tea If you enjoy erotic fiction then this is the book for you. I couldn't even finish the book because of all the lewd words, extremely graphic sex scenes. All in all it was porn in a book.
not brief enough Junot Daz's Pulitzer winner was a disappointment. This is a like-mother like-son story of foolish, obsessive, unrequited love. In both cases, the obsession is dangerous because the object of his/her affection has connections to Trujillo, the brutal dictator of the Dominican Republic for thirty years. Single mother Beli, her daughter Lola, and son Oscar live in Paterson, New Jersey, but the real action takes place in the DR where their roots are. I found the voluminous footnotes and the slang, often in Spanish, particularly exasperating. Also, the not-always-identifiable narrator changes frequently and is sometimes first person, sometimes third, with lots of backtracking in time. This choppiness robbed the story of continuity, not to mention making it a bit challenging to follow. My favorite narrator, though, was Yunior, also a Dominican in New Jersey, who is Lola's occasional lover and Oscar's occasional college roommate. Yunior grows to genuinely care for Oscar, the bumbling obese nerd who pines for women he can't have. Oscar is too maladjusted and clueless with his Tolkien-inspired and Jedi-infused techno-speak to be a likeable character, but Yunior manages to tell the lovesick Oscar's story in a compassionate way.
