Very Interesting Ms Moon has created a heroine who is very believable. Ky is a 21-year old woman whose life plans go awry and she is sent away from home. She sees it as a punishment, not fully aware that her father sees it as sending her to safety. As her father expects she takes risks, risks that lead trouble to her. Ky is a flawed complex character who I found myself not only rooting for but also identifying with, and this lead to trouble putting the book down. If you're looking for a good read but not one long on scientific facts (a space western of sorts), then this is the book for you. Even though I gave it four stars, I would have liked better to give it 4 1/2 (I reserve 5 stars for books that inspire me to be a better person) because it is really good non-stop page turning adventure.
Didn't entirely click with me, but a good read nontheless Oscar is the epitome of nerdiness: overweight, funny bushy hair, obsessed with Lord of the Rings and Star Wars, into role playing games. Coincidentally, he is the polar opposite of what Dominican man should be. He can't dance and he hasn't had a real girlfriend since the age of seven, and consequently becomes infatuated with every girl he ever sees, desperate to find someone who will reciprocate his love. His sister, Lola, is a bit of wild child. She's had many boyfriends, ran away from home, and run with a bad crowd, although she has been trying to clean up her life. Lola loves her brother Oscar more than anything else in the world. They are the product of their upbringing by a mother who has led a difficult life herself. Beli was orphaned at a young age and abused by distant relatives until being rescued by her father's cousin, who goes by the name La Inca. La Inca, who feels great remorse over not helping her cousin when the dictatorship turned against him, tried her best with Beli, and later does everything in her power to help Lola and Oscar with their respective troubles. I have mixed feelings on this book. I did like it for the most part, and I generally enjoyed reading it. But then again, I enjoy at least some aspect of most books I read. My biggest problem with the book concerned the writing. There was a good deal of Spanish sprinkled throughout the text, which made me feel like I was missing a lot (due to my lack of knowledge of the Spanish language). Additionally, I found from some friends who do know Spanish somewhat that what is written here is a dialect, making it hard even for them to understand. Most of the book is written from the perspective of Yunior, a long-time friend (and former boyfriend) of Lola's, and Oscar's roommate for a while in college. So a lot of it is told in kind of a ghetto-speak sort of manner, which was kinda fun and funky at some times but extremely off-putting at other times. Since a lot of the story concerned events and people of the Trujillo regime, the author included a lot of footnotes to explain the history to those who didn't know much about it. These were helpful, but some of them went on and on, and I got tempted to just skip over them. It wasn't all bad though; there was a lot for me to enjoy in this book. I did enjoy all the sci-fi and fantasy references; they actually were quite helpful for me in understanding some of the points the author was trying to make. Oscar was overall a sweet character, and he reminded me of many people I've known throughout my life, nerdy guys who know that they could find acceptance if they'd just change their ways but are unwilling to compromise who they truly are. There was a nice theme of love that didn't really make itself apparent until just at the end, when you see that if nothing else, Oscar had a deep impact on Yunior, who was inspired to become a writer himself and eventually settled down with a family. I think that a good deal of meaning can be found in the last part of the book, but it might take a re-reading for me to understand it all. Lastly, Junot Daz did a good job with the concept of Diaspora, which can be a hard subject to accurately articulate. "The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao" was a good rendering of the lives of three generations of Dominicans, and even if I wasn't entirely satisfied with it, the story will stick with me for sometime to come.
Penpal romance Yes, much of this story (as with others in the Hot Zone series) is superficial and silly - old fashioned letter writing, suddenly falling in love with the computer geek from work, the entire scene at the male strip club, etc. But, that's kind of the fun of these stories. Personally, I'm a sucker for a hot military hero or cowboy romance, and Male Call (despite the awful pun) reeled me in. For an hour or so worth of reading, this story is definitely enjoyable.
Where it started Nice introduction to the series. A bit slow, but an OK read.
Outstanding This story is exceptionally well written. The storyline is complex and interesting and the characters are well drawn. I was up late reading because I couldn't put the book down. I highly recommend this book.
Deeply personal diary The gist is that of a captured U boat commander and his diary. Tells of triumphs and woes underwater and on land. Meets a girl and it goes from there. I liked it!
WSJ--Weekend Edition As always, the best newspaper in the US. It's reporting is always even, fair, and concise. But I don't think any other paper beats the writing. Great stories that are well told. There's also a good variety. I love the book review section. Mike Kapic
The Jury Love this series.
Love and Hate Fellow novelist AL Kennedy, reviewing The Gathering for the Guardian, argued that everything Enright has written is "alive with that lovely thing - a fully realised voice: muscular, agile, sometimes witty, sometimes hallucinogenic, often dark and lyric in a quiet and horribly skillful way". Anne Enright has written a book about family, love, hate, sex, desire, generations, child abuse, and facing one's own mortality. Her character, Veronica, one of the Hegarty clan, has word of her brother, Liam's death, and she is on her way to claim his body. On her way she reminisces about the family and builds layer upon layer of the family members that we meet. Her prose is such that you are either intimidated by its mastery or drawn into the brilliance of the descriptions of the family and need to know the stories. And, the stories are there and come one by one as I said, built layer upon layer so that you finally come to know the feelings and needs of them all. Maybe too much of the feelings for some. Veronica, facing her own self shies away from her family and wraps herself in the waves of emotion that come her way. Anne Enright writes about love and sexual desire and as she says "One of the things I wanted to do in the book was explore how desire and hatred are closely bound up," says Enright. "You know, that sense that someone - usually a man - is enraged by the fact that he desires someone - usually a woman." I cannot in all honesty divulge much of the book. It must be read and devoured and instilled in the mind to set for later discussion. In Al Kennedy's review in 'The Guardian' he shares this nugget: "The chairman of the Booker judges, Howard Davies, revealed that he had spotted the brilliance of this novel when he said: "It has an absolutely brilliant ending. It has one of the best last sentences of any novel I have ever read." Al Kennedy goes on to say that "mortality becomes the ultimate definition of Love's stupidity - an outpouring of energy towards people who are always destined to disappoint, to be disappointed and, above all, who are compelled to leave us in the most devastating way, by dying. The horror and wonder of love, we are shown, is that it outlives its object." Wonderfully, Highly Recommended. prisrob 12-30-07
Hawke Hawke: Ride With the Devil. Is an action packed thriller that will keep you on the edge of your seat until the very end! A good read.
Five Stars very goodFive Stars great book
An excellent publication at the apex of journalism I bought the Kindle version of The Washington Post every day when I had no power after Hurricane Irma, and it was an invaluable resource for keeping track of what's happening in the country and the world when my options were severely limited. I regularly read The Washington Post online, and this was a great backup plan when that wasn't possible.
Well worth the read! Absolutely fantastic series! Sexy vamps, scary bad guys, well told. Loved all the heroes and heroines equally...can't pick a favorite. Want more!!! Please!
A tale about obsession As always, Anita Shreve does not disappoint her fans (like myself). In this novel, she presents us with questions about love versus obsession. I wondered throughout the novel why Van Tassel loves (or thinks he loves) Etna Bliss. Clearly, he objectifies her. She is a beautiful woman not emotionally available to him. It seems that this fact alone makes him want her more. What a dummy. I enjoyed this novel and I find it facinating to ponder questions about love like why we love who we love.
Grimm' s fairy stories Several old friends are revisited while reading this, as well as a few that I didn't know. Very fun read.
Awesome Book I am reading this book in a women's Bible study at church and this book is awesome! I highly recommend it for anyone who is inspiring for a closer relationship with Christ.
The Secret Life of Bees The Secret Life of Bees by Sue Monk Kidd is an interesting story about the relationship of several women and a young girl. It was very well written and an easy read. Monk's other book The Invention of Wings, I enjoyed more. Both books deal with the relationships of Blacks and Whites in the early and mid part of the 1900. Both are well worth reading. ( my wife's review)
Read me if you can This book shows what a charmer that Frank Abagnale is. In fact, if the exploits were not based upon real events, I would call it a fanciful and entertaining ride through the eyes of a conman out to discover the world. He details the history of his life from his humble beginnings conning his own father with a gas card, to his eventual arrest and imprisonment. There is good humor and bravado throughout, but Frank does make sure to mention how wrong he was in a few points and how many people he unknowingly hurt along the way. He shows some contrition in a few cases Some of the coincidences and circumstances stretch believability, but the narrative does not suffer for it. When he describes a con he gives enough detail to follow along, but not enough to perpetrate the con yourself. He even mentions how several of his cons would no longer work thanks to improvements in technology and security. There is a little strong language peppered throughout the book. Frank himself is a philanderer and I feel sorry for several of his conquests. The description of the conditions in the french prison are nauseating end nightmare inducing enough to scare one back to the straight and narrow. Not for people with weak stomachs! The book has an abrupt ending with one of his escapes. I would recommend watching the movie as well to see how he is finally apprehended and how he came to work for the government.
The Jury This set of books called "the sisterhood" is terrific. I am going on book 4 in only 10 days. I really enjoy the characters and the plots for the women to seek justice are incredible. On to the next.
Quite interesting A mystery within a mystery. I would recommend this book, as it kept my interest, it was well written and edited. Lots of intrigue. Unusual topic, rape within the Jewish community.
Frank, We hardly Knew You Like I said in my previous review of this memoir, I re-read this book every 6t 8 months. It is such a fun book to read. I just finished another reading of it. There are a lot of things in the book I had forgotten. Mr. Abagnale raised enough havoc with the banking and police systems in the late 60's and early 70's to make Bernie Madof look like a teenager. And at the time Frank was a teen-ager. No wonder Pan-Am went out of business. Frank probably was one of the main reasons. If you are relying on the movie version of "Catch Me If You Can" for the story of Frank Abagnale, you are missing a great deal. There is a great deal of complexity in Mr. Abagnale's life that you are missing. It is the story of how a 16 year old kid who looks like he is a lot older can fool adults and the cops for years. But it is more than that. It is alos the story of being caught and punished in some of the worst prisons in Europe, and some of the most humane. It is the story of how a boy becomes a man in spite of himself, and learns to value himself and others. This is a book I keep active on my Kindle. I will probably re-read again in another 6 or 8 months. I like it that much.
Battle of Franklin 1864 Hicka is a masterfull writer on all things pertaining to the Civil War. i horoughly enjoyed reading his two books on the War circa 1874. i live within a few miles of the batllefield at Franklin, TN. Though i was raised well west of thw Mississippi River, a Unionist at heart, Hicks brings his story alive. you will feel as though you know these people, and you will feel their emotions. Greatb wriing; great story. u
Incredible This book is incredible. Honestly one of the greatest books ever written on the subject of wealth. Ive learned so much. Im glad Bob Proctor recommended this book
Good intro to a Spirit Filled Life I have watched Dr. Stanley on television a few times, but I have never read any of his books. The book reads much the way he speaks. The book gives a brief overview of what it means to live a Spirit filled life. It also provides some examples from Dr. Stanley's life. Finally, it gives some details as to how to open yourself up to living the Spirit filled life. This book was easy to read and understand. The book explains many of the scriptures that speak about Spirit filled living. It also uses stories and events from Dr. Stanley's life to demonstrate the scripture meaning. There is also a chapter about Spiritual gifts. The key is simply to recognize that all believers have the Holy Spirit living within them. Once you realize and understand and accept this, you will know what to look for and to listen for to be in obedience to the will of God. I would recommend this book to anyone looking to initiate or to further their study of a Spirit filled life.
Good Story I enjoyed this read. It was a quick book with a good story and some great sex scenes. I would recommend it.
Code Name Bundle! Christina Skye's books keep getting better and better. Only wish she would write more of these. Great action and romance all rolled into one.
Great Again I loved this book as much as the last one. Can't wait to read the next book ,am sure it will be a great storyGood book I really enjoyed this book. Was a great story and was easy to read, had a hard time putting it down
I really enjoyed the story I really enjoyed the story. The way it starts with the darkness and bitterness and then slowly turns to brightness and love. Excellent read!!
Four Stars Read it in school and liked it
love this series I love the Argeneau Vampires. No spoilers here: This is a unique family of vampires with stories with a lot of hot and sexy, a good dose of bat-shit dumb humor and mystery. There are likeable (did I spell that right?) characters that evolve in the series. Include a touch of "who done it", and enough suspense to make these books an excellent read. I recommend them highly.
Very Grimm! I have fallen in love with Grimm tales because of the new T.V. show! These are a lot of fun to read!!
Reads like a Postmodern Fairy Tale This novel about a Dominican boy, Oscar, who grows up in New Jersey is packed full of stories, all kinds of stories. Theres growing-up stories, family stories, history-of-the-Dominican-Republic stories, gangster stories, and love stories. The narrator, Yunior, one time college roommate of Oscar and on-again off-again boyfriend of Oscars sister Lola, tells Oscars story in conjunction with that of his family, going back and forth in time to narrate the history of Oscars family, and back and forth between New Jersey and the Dominican Republic, a culture whose history and traditions come to have as much influence on Oscar as the comic books and science fiction novels he spends all his time reading and writing during his short life. This book is crackling with an astounding storytelling energy, a vast number of colourful minor characters, and a spirit and tone thats both cynical and open to the romantic yearnings of life. The numerous pop culture references which pepper its pages lend it a unique, contemporary style while also embodying the modern American male adolescent type to which Oscar belongs. This is a spontaneous, joyful, funny novel full of love and tragedy written in a hip style expressing modern, relevant themes.
I love Julie Garwood!! This is another great historical by Julie Garwood! It has fun, adventure, and quick witted lead characters. An all around great novel.
A Joy to Read1 Susan Wiggs is an author like no other, her writing style allows the reader to be right there with the character, smelling the flowers in Rio, feeling the cool of the water up in the mountains and above all rooting for the underdog. Her characters are strong women who will find their own way to succeed in their own way. This trilogy was an excellent buy for the money! Where else can you get three full books for 9.99. These are books to be treasured like old friends, they can be read over and over again without becoming stale to the reader. If you are looking to be entertained buy this trilogy you won't be sorry. Susan Wiggs has many books available and each stands on its own merits. Thank you Susan!
Four Stars ok
Five Stars Great book
You have to like Sherlock Holmes. I love Sherlock Holmes and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Everything Doyle wrote was amazing.
Finally! Easy to Read; Easy to Skim I live in Boston and had been waiting for the Boston Globe to become available for the Kindle since mine arrived on December 4, 2007. I subscribed the first day I found out about it and have not been disappointed. I am not a big print newspaper fan, I find them environmentally unfriendly, dirty (think blank ink on hand), and they contain a lot of information I usually have no interest in (ads, sports, stock lists, etc.) so they are thicker than I need them to be and messy. I won't even take the two free papers offered at the subway on most days (the excellent Metro and the whiny bloggy Boston Now). On the other hand I find the web version of newspapers hard to drill down to find the articles that apply only to today - if you know the topic you can do a search but there's really no way to tell if I at least skimmed all the articles for the day. Enter the Kindle edition which solves most of my complaints about the print and web edition of the Boston Globe, while all the material I am not interested in is still there it is easy to bypass and doesn't really cause any clutter or eat up resources (a few kb of disc space I guess). Some pictures are now beginning to appear too. The ads are gone (so unless you only buy the paper for the ads - some people do - you will be pleased). The Contents, Sections and Next Article layout is great. From the main page you can just skim all the headlines by hitting the next page button until you get to the end - and then you'll know you haven't missed any of today's headlines. If you want more detail you can select the headline link. You can then once finished reading the article (or deciding only to read some of it or none of it) easily hit the back button to return to the list, or if you've finished the article you can go forward directly to the next story (comes in handy in your favorite section if you know you want to read most articles there). The only thing that's missing is the comics and the death notices but you can read those on-line at the comic sites in the first case and the Globe's site in the case of death notices - if you really, really want to. Good job.
I did really like this book I did really like this book. A suffering h who has learned to rise above those who have tried to pull her down and a tortured Hero trying to find his way again. I wish the H would have believed the h about her innocence a little earlier but that is a minor complaint and honestly didn't detract from the love story very much. The heat level in this book in scorching but not so frequent that whole book becomes one long bedroom scene. I wouldn't say it's great literature but in all honesty we are talking about romance novels here so I would say in the realm of this genre its a worthy book.
Four Stars Better than I thought
Learning about bees and my mother Lily was so courageous to make the decisions she had to make to get away from her abusive father. And the sorrow of her mother's death and feeling she was the one responsible was heartwrenching. Good, good book! And for her to find the link to her mother's nanny was intriguing, her finding her mother's memoirs and hiding them to save them gave it a wonderful touch
Gorlog's Teeth, It's a Good One! After months as prisoners and then slaves of the Skandians, Will and Evanlyn (in reality, Princess Cassandra of Araluen in disguise) have escaped - with a little help from Erak, the senior Jarl who first captured them. The imprisonment has not been kind to Will. As a yard slave, the apprentice Ranger was made an addict of the toxic and mind-numbing warmweed and it has taken most of the winter to drive the drug from his system. Now Will, though horribly weakened, is back in his right mind and his return has come not a moment too soon. The spring thaw has finally arrived in the frozen north and Will and Evanlyn must resume their difficult journey toward Araluen and freedom. For Evanlyn, freedom proves regrettably short-lived. Captured by a Temujai scout, she's once again a prisoner - having never left Skandia at all. Although he is pitifully weak and without weapons, Will manages to track Evanlyn and the Tem'uj who holds her. They are in a temporary Temujai camp with a half dozen more Tem'uj and Evanlyn is about to be executed. Outnumbered and armed with only a toy-like hunting bow, Will is prepared to make his last stand defending the princess when help arrives from a most welcome and unexpected quarter. Reunited, Halt, Horace, Will and Evanlyn are preparing to slip across the Skandian border and resume their homeward journey when they make a terrifying discovery. An entire Temujai army is camped in the wilds of Skandia in preparation for a killing assault on the capital at Hallasholm. More to the point, they are blocking the Araluen party's escape route. Furthermore, Halt knows that if the Temujai are successful in their invasion of Skandia, they will gain the ships they need to spread war to the rest of the Western world - including Araluen. In order to protect the homeland they love Halt, Will, Horace and Evanlyn are going to have to join with their former enemies to defend Hallasholm and the rest of this wild, frozen nation. Very few authors can sustain excellence over a long series of books. Even with trilogies it is common to find one volume that is weaker than the rest. That is a part of what makes The Ranger's Apprentice series so amazing. The Battle for Skandia is the fourth Ranger's Apprentice novel and, like the trio that precede it, this is a marvelous read. The story is fast-paced and exciting and the action is described in evocative language that places the reader squarely in the world Mr. Flanagan has created. Unlike the characters in many other series, those in The Ranger's Apprentice continue to change and grow with each volume. I'd say this was my favorite book in the series, but honestly, it's very hard to choose one over the others. They are all that good.The Icebound Land The Icebound Land, book three of The Ranger's Apprentice series, takes things in a new direction as the dangers of battle and espionage are exchanged for the perils of imprisonment and travel in hostile lands. As with the first two novels in this stellar series, The Icebound Land delivers a gripping story filled with interesting characters and places, and with just enough plot turns to keep you guessing until the end. In the chaos that followed the fearsome final battle with Lord Morgarath, young apprentice Ranger Will and his new friend Evanlyn are taken captive by the fierce Skandian raider, Jarl Erak. Disgusted by the failure in Araluen, Erak plans to sell Will and Evanlyn as slaves to covers the expenses for his journey across the Stormwhite Sea. Will and Evanlyn fight to stay together as they make the wild sea voyage, but once they reach the Skandian capital of Hallasholm, an insidious enemy threatens to take Will away for good. Only Evanlyn's ingenuity and courage - and the aid of an unlikely ally - can save them both. Back in Araluen, Halt is increasingly frustrated by King Duncan's refusal to allow him to pursue the Skandians and rescue Will. He made a promise to recover his apprentice and he means to keep that promise, even if doing so means defying his King and forsaking his vow as a Ranger. Shamed, stripped of his place in the Ranger Corps and banished from the Kingdom of Araluen, Halt sets out to rescue Will, but he is not alone. Will's best friend and former wardmate, Horace is an apprentice warrior with a natural gift for swordplay. He joins Halt on the journey and stands beside him as they cross the treacherous Gallican countryside. This series continues to captivate. Mr. Flanagan has a real knack for describing the strategy and actuality of skirmishes and battles, as well as for building an interesting and detailed world. Best of all, the Ranger's Apprentice books tell stories you WANT to read about characters you truly admire.
wonderful reread I had read all these stories in the past. I am glad that I was able to read them again.
Wao as in WOW! Dude can write. In fact, this book is one of the most original that I've come across in a long time. Like the layers of an onion, Diaz peels back the layers of years to reveal the back history of Oscar and his sister Lola. And what a history it is! The Banana Curtain is unveiled and the horrors of Trujillo -- the raging narcissist and despoiler of women -- are unflinchingly revealed, creating shudders of revulsion and flashes of understanding in this reader. Junot Diaz creates a language and a tempo unlike any I've read before, peppered with Spanish colloquialisms, street talk, and video game terminology. Somehow, though, it works -- and works beautifully -- even if you don't know an "hola" from an "adios" or have never played a video game in your life (like this reader.) I will not soon forget Oscar Wao, the 300+ pound romantic, Lola, Yunior, or his mother and the Gangster and his ill-fated grandparents. The book is compulsively readable. For all of those who say that "the novel is dead", I say: read Junot Diaz.
The Evolution of Societies Over the years I have read many books on science and/or history, some good, some not so good. GG&S ranks a one of the best and, for me, is a true classic. The author, Jared Diamond, is a first class writer and his text is extremely easy to follow even though he covers some highly complex concepts. As in his other books, Diamond's style is like taking a class in anthropology or sociology, only with out the mid-term finals. GG&S was a best seller and winner of many awards for science books; Aventis, Phi Beta Kappa and Pulitzer. All this attention did not prevent it from being controversial and, to this day, subject to intense debate among his peers in the scientific community. In GG&S you will read one mans interpretation and conclusions that may, or may not, differ from another writers point of view. We, as the interested layperson, can only benefit from this sort of exchange. Published over 15 years ago many of Diamond's conclusions may have changed, even for him, or possibly been overturned but his basic idea is still valid. (This edition includes a 2003 Afterword by Diamond: "G,G,&S Today" that addresses many of these issues) Prior to about 40 thousand years ago all humans were stone-age hunter-gatherers that lived in isolated bands or family groups that probably viewed all strangers with suspicion. What happened to change that simple beginning into the highly disparate societies that we have today? How is it that some groups seem to have so many advantages of modern life while others are still living as hunter-gatherers? But, whatever social system they are living under, people are basically the same. Australian Aborigines are just as intelligent and capable of coherent thought as any upper-class European, they only differ in their environmental life style. Racial differences do not play a part in who are the "haves" and who are the "have-nots". So, if race is not a factor, what is? Concepts like; continental axis orientation, geographical diffusion, domestication potential of plants and animals all help to clarify the issue. The development of agriculture led to a more settled life style and the beginning of complex societies. Domestication of animals for work or food resulted in exposure to new germs and, in some cases, immunity to certain diseases that were specific to the region of origin. The list goes on; pottery making, metallurgy, exploitation of maritime resources and trade options. All these factors, and more, have contributed to who, and when, will be the first to develop the guns, germs, and steel needed for their enterprising ventures into exploration and conquest. While I had no technical problems with this Kindle edition there are some "publisher omissions" that are unfortunate. Missing are the photo portraits of people from around the world as well as many of the maps and, lastly, the index. You would think that a high caliber publisher like W.W. Norton would put a little more effort and care into their e-reader releases. LastRanger
Awesome read From beginning to end Tonight and Forever had my attention. Brenda Jackson as always out did herself. You have to buy and curl up in your favorite chair and allow yourself to be taken away to Madaris family.
Awesome book It explains in full depth what the Field is all about. The book opens your mind into new realms and way of being. Great book.
WOW - this book clearly shows the reason why we ... WOW - this book clearly shows the reason why we need term limits on the Supreme Court. The current court is an activist one rather than a constitutional one, and they are perpetuating the incorrect, foolish and anti-constitutional decisions rendered by former courts. Join with Levin and 35 states demanding a constitutional convention. Read this book and become as outraged as I am over decisions by the Supremes.
New Pack Arises This book is good and advances Langley's werewolf universe nicely. The characters that she created in "Without Reservations" appear and continue to develop, especially Jake and Remi. Langley made clear that they were intended mates in the previous book, but kept Remi from discovering that fact. He learns it early on here and Langley does a good job of developing a credible plotline for the two to become lovers and mates, and much more. I won't give any more away other than to say their relationship affects their wolfpack in ways that show Langley developing the "rules" and "facts of life" for her fictitious werewolves in ways that were not clear in either of her two previous works in this series. In fact, the reason I gave this book four stars instead of five is that in several ways, characters in earlier works were not consistent with some of the "rules" she brought out in this work. Also, the Remi we see (and become quite fond of) in detail in this book is consistent with the Remi we saw late in "Without Reservation," but does not seem like the same character who pitched a royal fit when he walked in on Chay and Keaton making love in the earlier work. That made me a bit uncomfortable in the last book, but it worries me more in this one. Still, both quibbles are minor, enough to downgrade slightly to four or four and a half stars (instead of five), but the characters are a delight, many interesting new ones introduced, a despicable villain introduced, and the way paved for at least one more (probably a whole series) of additional books in this universe. If you like Langley, you'll enjoy this book and should buy it.
Definitely worth reading, even if its only once. A classic, what else can I say. This edition is good, I read through it fairly quickly, and it's nice to see the tales in a more original format.
Extra fun military science fiction A coming of age story with high adventure thrown in. Everyone can relate to the challenge of outgrowing parental oversight. Who hasn't longed for an adventure? Strong female characters handle their business with competence, imagination, and no little luck. I would really love to know what happens next to Kylara Vatta and her crew.
photos of poor quality reliable, a lot of good reading. kindle edition is veru comfortable when travelling. the paper has already recommended itself for a long timeFour Stars good
A life of magic and wonder In this fantastical novelits hard to categorize the genrean outsider relates the story of his college roommates doomed life and the legend of his famously cursed family who fled the Dominican Republic during the reign of dictator Rafael Trujillo. The novel is dazzling stylistically, equal parts Isabel Allende and Harlan Ellison. The narrators voice is strong and engaging, so much so that even though it ends with a mystery, a question thats unanswered, the novel is still a satisfying read. The author made his name with short fiction and this novel is sure to bring him more readers.
Outstanding I Iove All of Brenda Jackson's books. the characters are Intriguing, funny and extremely romantic. Love them all. I can hardly wait for the next book.
Mother kidnaps a husband Greg a psychologist who specializes in phobias is kidnapped by Lissianna's mother to cure her phobia. Lissianna faints at the sight of blood, which is a bit of a problem for an immortal. The story was quick witted as well as a quick read. I enjoyed it.
History buffs only If you are not into history or the reasoning behind the Constitution, you don't want this. I found it to be an excellent read and will give it a place of honor in my references.
First in Prison Break Trilogy Having read Brennan's previous trilogy series, I had to read this one too. There has been an earthquake and inmates from San Quentin have escaped. True to her previous series, there is plenty of murder, torture and graphic violence. So far, this trilogy has not disappointed. Theodore Glenn is one heartless predator! I look forward to the next book in the trilogy.Another Hit in the Evil Trilogy... In a word...Wow! Another realy good suspense thriller from Ms. Brennan. While this one has some of the characters from Speak No Evil, it could probably be read as a stand alone too, but I recommend reading them in order. It kept me guessing as to "whodunit" and also blended in a romance story too. Can't wait to read the last one in the trilogy.Fun, Escapist Read Totally entertaining installment of the Sisterhood series. Is it real? No. Is it believable? No. Could it happen? No. Is it a fun idea to ponder and revel in? You bet! The Sisterhood is a group of women who have been failed by the judicial system as we know it, so they create their own. Myra, Charles, and the gang never fail to entertain. In addition to the entertainment value, this one includes more than one emotional moment with more loss for the Sisterhood. I look forward to the next installment, in fact I've already started it. If there seem to be loose ends at the end of The Jury, they are important to the next book of the series.
Good read, great escapism Fast paced, entertaining reading. Definitely recommend for an enjoyable afternoon. Hope the rest of the trilogy are as well written.Why not on Kindle Fire? A week ago I was reading Huffington Post on my Kindle Fire. Now it is not available for the Fire. Why? It is highly annoying to think you are upgrading and to not be able to read and, yes, play the same blogs and games one enjoyed on earlier editions of the product.
Collection what a wonderful collection of full length books. I loved every one of them. They were all unique vampire stories.
A Quick Bite The entire Argeneaux Series by Lynsay Sands deserves 5 star ratings. They have excellent characters, great stories, and a comedic flare. I only wish I could join their family. I'd have no hesitation about turning for one of these guys.
A wild ride worth taking This messy, self-absorbed work of genius is composed of intertwining stories about a supposedly-cursed family from the Dominican Republic and living in New Jersey. The primary character, Oscar Wao, is a young social outcast, interested in role-playing games, writing fantasy novels, and finding love, in equal measures. At times, it is difficult to keep up with the shifting points of view, narrative voice, magical occurrences, and chronology. Also, I was repeatedly frustrated by the dense footnotes and the numerous, untranslated Spanish and Spanglish phrases. A wild ride worth taking but only if you have the patience.Masterful prose but lacking in momentum Winner of the 2007 Man Booker Prize. The story unfolds as a dysfunctional family gathers together for the funeral of the dead brother Liam, who killed himself by swimming out into the ocean. Flashbacks abound and hidden secrets of the past are revealed. Enright's prose is unique: sparse, poetic, and evocative of deep mourning. Unless artful prose can keep you entertained for several hundred pages, however, this book is likely to be slow going for you. Although I appreciate Enright's masterful writing, I struggled to finish this book.
great info for writings great info on the wrtings of the debates. I will now have to find the other volumes. Grat for histroy duffs. Kindle edition was free
Four Stars The second half is much better than the first half.
Sexy werewolves! Langley's werewolves series is very addictive and this 3rd installment has all the right elements - likable characters, fast paced and enjoyable plot, loving romance and hot "nekkid" man love (each to her own taste, 1 star reviewer!) Like K.Peoples, I was a little annoyed initially at the inconsistencies in some of her werewolves' characters, notably Remi and thought the change in character a convenient way of approaching the romance angle. I soon got over it as Remy's abusive childhood and his love for his little brother won me over. I like the interesting complexities Langley has introduced into her werewolves world which is refreshing in "With Caution". Lots of happenings in this fast paced 3rd volume and once I started I could not stop until the very end. While I enjoy the sex I am glad story line and characters take precedence in "With Caution". Remy as a submissive omega is still a surprise to me but who could resist such an Alpha Jake in hot leathers. But later in the book, I find myself drawn more to another hot alpha Rhys and the energetic and effervescent Sterling and could hardly wait for this couple's story!
This was a damned good story. I love my science fiction This was a damned good story. I love my science fiction, and this is a surprise, as I have few women authors in the genre that I can finish the books. I'm adding Ms Moon to the list of those I'll be looking for.
Four Stars Robert Vaughn is always good
I reinterate here what I said under Das Kapital: ... I reinterate here what I said under Das Kapital: Interesting concept, however I see the flaws which turn productive people into slaves to a government. This is an evil ideology in that it takes away self respect, initiative and productivity.
Finally! OMG, I can't believe that all these stories are finally together in one book. I've loved Maggie Shayne's work for years and was ecstatic to hear that a reprinting was being done to bring the first part of her series together. Excellent writing, perfect paranormal stories of vampires, and really enjoyable works to read.
Good read Once again- the book is over too fast- and now I have to wait for the release of Book 5 . . . June 25th. Oh well, at least it is only a month away now.Good I really like the Ranger's Apprentice series, it is a good and interesting read. The only problem is the book is over too fast- the pages just seem to fly by.
A great chance to read the entire collection What is there to say about Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes that hasn't already been said. For those interested in logic and deduction these books are the ultimate.
GFS This is a fascinating collection of collected stories, many different versions of one another. If you are interested in these fairytales, I would advise for you to get various published stories of the Brothers Grimm's tales.
Maggie Shayne delivers as always Loved this series of books. I always like Maggie Shayne. Kept me busy all day. Keep some tissues handy. Lots of vampire adventures.
Curse of the goat This is a companion volume to Mario Vargas Llosa's Feast of the Goat. Set in Santo Domingo during the Trujillo rule and after, and in New Jersey among Dominican emigrants, the 'diaspora', after Trujillo's death by assassination. The killing brought no luck to the assassins, including way up to the top of the command chain. Why else did JFK get killed but for the curse of Trujillo? (The word for the curse cannot be written here, it goes against zoo rules.) So much for history. (Santo Domingo was Iraq before Iraq was Iraq.) It is perfectly ok for you not to believe in these curses, these superstitions. They believe in you. That is enough. A book about a boy, an obese Sci-fi nerd and a suicidal loner. Oscar's problem is that he loves girls, but they don't love him. In a macho culture that makes him a sad misfit. Also a book about his sister and her mother troubles. And much about their mother, an orphan thanks to the goat, and her men troubles. And her cancer troubles. Mother and daughter share an inextinguishable longing for elsewheres. Racism is part of the plot. The family has unwhite influences. The goat had many Haitians, including their mixed race offspring, killed. The language of the main narrator is refreshingly foulmouthed, which stands in contrast to the complex narrative structure and the overload of allusions to all kinds of worlds. Also in contrast to the essentially tragic story. I am not a scifi nerd or fantasy fan myself, therefore many names are lost on me. Doesn't seem to matter much. The narrator is an involved person, but is slow to disclose his identity. Takes him about half through the novel. The explanation for the name Wao comes a few pages later. No spoilers. In two chapters, Oscar's sister Lola (a Dolores like the original Lolita) narrates, as if JD wanted to try it out. Those are, frankly, weaker. I wonder, maybe he can't plausibly impersonate a woman? He wouldn't be the first male writer with a problem in that department. I do not always agree with the Pulitzers for fiction, but this time the choice was right. I think I might have had some difficulties of comprehension had I not read the Vargas Llosa book recently. I might even have thought it exaggerated. I might have thought the violence and cruelty of the goat year stories are part of a core of magical realism, centered around the mother's miraculous survival as a teen at home. Star of the survival story is a mongoose. I am partial to that species ever since Rikki Tikki Tavi and since I had a mongoose family as house guests in an earlier life. (JD refers to MVL in an endnote, criticizing the too sympathetic picture of Balaguer in the Feast of the Goat. He also lets the narrator mention MVL, saying that the central rape scene in Feast of the Goat was a standard occurrence in the DomRep.)
The Field and You The Field taught me that spiritual people of every age have been right in their intuition that all of us are inter-connected, linked to each other and the rest of creation. McTaggart's writing is easy to read but full of well-documented, cutting-edge science. Toward the end, I felt she gave too much attention to remote viewing, which is not, in my opinion, the most important aspect of her subject. Still, her clarity on the implications of quantum physics for philosophical, social, and medical thought makes her book shine.
grimm Grimm's Fairy Tales is highly enjoyable. The stories are fairly entertaining. And the price could not be better. It was free.
Good story, unlikable characters... When I finished this book, my first reaction was that I did not like it. But as I thought about it, I did in fact enjoy the book and it was the characters I did not like. As the story progressed, it was obvious that Nicholas was a pompous, arrogant bigot who would essentially stop at nothing to get what he wanted. While taking into account that the story is told from Nicholas' point of view, if he is to be believed, Etna was a cold, stand-offish woman, who never should have married this man. While she was a product of her time, and there were woman who had no choice but to marry men they did not love, she, on the other hand seemed to have options. While the letters between Etna and Phillip shed some light into her personality, I found it difficult to understand why she would reveal so much to him. Was she perhaps using him to get back into Samuel's life? Shreve did a very good job in telling this story. Her portrayal of the lives people led in the early 1900's in this small New England town was excellent. The hotel fire that starts the story truly sets the pace for the entire book. I give this a four star recommendation.A great fictional story of a rearl woman... This book is an excellent fictional telling of the story of Carrie McGavock, a real woman who was known as the Widow of the South because she was responsible for laying to rest almost 1,500 Confederate soldiers who died during the battle of Franklin in 1864. While the author absolutely takes liberties with the story, it is done in a beautiful, respectful way. I am not really a student of the Civil War, and this book helped enlighten me to some truly horrible events that took place in US history. I recommend this book to anyone, particularily those interested in Civil War history.Disjointed... I'll admit that whenever I see books that have won any kind of literary award, I always assume they're a good, and usually they are, but this one I just don't get. My main problem with THE GATHERING is that I found it to be incredibly disjointed. While I understand the stream of consciousness style of writing the author uses (or in this case, has her narrator use,) it did not flow very well. One of the things that really struck me about this book is the way that almost everything is referred to in a highly sexualized way. The chapter in which Veronica speculates about her grandparents' sex life was beyond creepy. A good premise that falls flat. I'll give it a generous 2 stars.
"I did all I could and it still wasn't enough." "You really want to know what being an X-Man feels like? Just be a smart bookish boy of color in a contemporary U.S. ghetto. Mamma mia! Like having bat wings or a pair of tentacles growing out of your chest." Meet Oscar de Le&oacute;n. Once upon a time, in elementary school, Oscar was a slick Dominican kid who seemed to have a typical life ahead of him. Then, around the time he hit puberty, Oscar gained a whole lot of weight, became awkward both physically and socially, and got deeply interested in things that made him an outcast among his peers (sci-fi novels, comics, Dungeons & Dragons, writing novels, etc.). A particularly unfortunate Dr. Who Halloween costume earns him the nickname Oscar Wao for the costume's resemblance to another Oscar: playwright Oscar Wilde (Wao being a Dominican spin on the surname). His few friends are embarrassed by him, girls want nothing to do with him, and everywhere he goes Oscar finds nothing but derision and hostility. And he's not the only person in his family suffering through life: his mother, a former beauty, has been ravaged by illness, bad love affairs, and worry regarding her two children; and his sister Lola, another intense beauty, has been cursed with a nomadic soul and her mother's poor taste in men. The kicker about the de Le&oacute;n family? They just may be the victims of a bona fide curse (a particularly nasty one at that, called a fuk&uacute;) as a result of their history with Rafael Trujillo, a former dictator of the Dominican Republic renowned for his brutality, and whose enemies uniformly met with disastrous ends one way or another (historical details about Trujillo and the history of his reign are scattered throughout the novel, a tidbit that may turn some off of the book, but rest assured that D&iacute;az is so utterly entertaining a writer that they are a joy to read). The de Le&oacute;ns are on a collision course with disaster, but can they break the curse before it's too late? "you can never run away. Not ever. The only way out is in." Embroiled in all this mess is Yunior, our primary narrator and Oscar's former college roommate (not to mention the philandering ex-boyfriend of Lola, the novel's other narrator), whose experiences with the de Le&oacute;n clan will haunt him for the rest of his life. His attempts to help Oscar become more popular fail, as do his tries to escape Oscar's grasp. "These days," he remarks at one point, "I have to ask myself: What made me angrier? That Oscar, the fat loser, quit, or that Oscar, the fat loser, defied me? And I wonder: What hurt him more? That I was never really his friend, or that I pretended to be?" Oscar is far and away the most poignant character to come along in a great long while; in my book he's every bit as memorable as Ignatius J. Reilly, Holden Caulfield, Randall Patrick McMurphy, and other literary giants. Furthermore, "The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao" is a phenomenal novel that is hysterical, hypnotic, heartwarming and heartbreaking in equal parts (and quite often at the same time). The plot is a madcap high-wire act balanced with astonishing dexterity by Junot D&iacute;az. If he has a misstep it is in the denouement, which is rather sudden and slightly lacking in clarity for an otherwise thorough novel. Nonetheless, I loved, loved, loved this book. And, naturally, I highly recommend it. Grade: A
Four Stars This was a re-read mistake on my part but I was still intrigued with the plot line.
Always good I fell in love with the show and thought I would read the stories themself. Thease stories are so twisted. But a fantastic read.
knocked down to 4 stars because of Kindle's lackluster delivery; on iTunes, it got the full 5 stars In our household we have computer users of all types which means we also have tried different ways of delivery on the New York Times. The price is $20 a month and we have no quarrel with that. It is a good price. Where we do have a quarrel is that the delivery to our iPads and Mac Air is much better, fuller and timelier than to a Kindle. So I cannot blame the New York Times for this discrepancy. I've noticed that on many reviews on many other reading products that the Kindle also fails on font delivery whereas our other systems never come through in an unreadable font. I have knocked this down to 4 stars because of the Kindle's lackluster delivery of the product. When I reviewed this over on iTunes, it got the full 5 stars because delivery and timeliness on those systems matches the exceptional quality of the paper itself. As for the crossword, I have had to separately pay for that ever since I first got online. I believe a few years ago I started getting a bit of a discount because I was a subscriber. Since the NYT crossword has addicts everywhere, I wouldn't expect to ever see it offered for free. So don't hold out for that.
modern Persuasion is so rare I enjoyed this modern rendition. I wondered how it would all come about. It had to be hard to come up with a way to do this. I had a hard time envisioning how a more updated version would go but I thought the author had it pretty spot on. No amazing letter however.....I don't imagine that would have been possible. The characters were well filled out. I could feel their anguish. I loved Isabelle. Jane was great as a foundation executive. Jane is our Anne. Winnie the younger sister was just pure fun. I liked her much better than Mary Musgrove. There were definite parts where I laughed out loud. My only real complaint was some of the language. Yes, most people do swear, it's just one of my pet peeves. I don't care for it whatsoever. I don't like descriptions of male intimate body parts and in the one scene that was sexual (that comes to mind)I felt it could have been left out. Otherwise I liked this authors attempt at modernization. I'll still probably read the original version much more but it was enjoyable, I'd read it again, and for my more youthful friends they could probably relate better.
Nice twist on the fairy godmother storyline! I got this book for free and thought I'd give it a whirl. I can't believe how suprised I was by book. It's funny, sweet, and decadently romantic! Llew is the typical I'll-never-love-a-woman sort and Jessaline is the typical virgin who wants to be loved. She escapes one arranged marriage by marrying Llew, but they're both in for a shock as their feelings for each other grow and deepen. Even if this book wasn't free, I would have enjoyed it. Although the plot dragged a little in places, overall it was a fun read and has opened up a new series for me along with a new author. I can't wait to read the rest of the series!
Stories for use in the "original" virtual space! Great book. I always like fairy tales. For some, the tales are a bit morbid and not suitable for children of today. Guess I am not sure what I have been told that. I guess the reason is that TV is the primary culture-resources input allowed by parents and society to pickle the minds of today's children since there is no requirement for an education that would allow them to read? I recommend Grimm because the stories allow those that can read the opportunity to exercise their mind in the "original" virtual space (imagination). Get it! It's free!A book in my Kindle Virtual Collection of Myths and Stories and Some-Facts I like stories especially well written books that allow one's imagination to seek its own level and involvement in the presented story. It is always a refreshing time to become immersed without the distraction of movie/cable/TV commercials, inappropriate sexual scenes, crude language and actions supported by annoying colors, disgusting switching between unrelated other themes, loud sounds and noise (?music?) to support extremely poor content, and people reading their lines. I recommend this book for those who like to use their imagination.
The Ritual Bath The layers of the story were intriguing. I learned much of the Orthodox Jewish faith as well as reading a mystery/love story. I would recommend it to my friends.
Five Stars Good readFive Stars easy read
Gutsy. Elyn had the courage to show us what Schizophrenia is, where it takes one, and how little those with the illness can control it until diagnosed and treated properly. Wonderfully written. I ached for her.
Get it on already When I read Blind Alley I thought it was the first in the Jane Macquire series that will take over instead of the Eve Duncan series. I was anxious to read Jane and Trevor's ongoing relationship, but my thoughts were 'get it on already'. The sex seemed forced and I did not feel the attraction like in the previous book. I love Iris Johansen, but I agree with other readers, her style is once again changing. She went through the transition with Ugly Duckling which proved to be well worth it, but the last couple of books are suddenly steering away from the romantic suspense genre and leaning toward straight fiction. She still has a talent for creating some of the best twists and turns and surprise endings, but I really wish she would create another book like The Killing Game. That is the one that made us all fall in love with Eve and Joe. Okay, now that I've gotten off the track. Countdown is not bad. Hopefully the next book will have more romance for Jane and Trevor. If you read this book knowing that it is just a very good suspense, you will not be disappointed. However, do not make this your first Iris Johansen book otherwise you may not want to read the others which are very good.
Banville epitomizes the literary fiction Shroud, like other novels by John Banville, is beautifully written against a vividly limned background. The main character, Axel Vander, is conceited, obnoxious, and goes out of his way to offend the readers. He identifies himself as a masterly liar who lies about almost everything, even when there is no need and even when the plain truth will be so much more effective in maintaining the pretence. I will not be surprised at his unreliable narration, shameless boasting and impudent lies as he spatters out the tale of his life. The shocking secret is that Axel Vander is not the real Axel Vander but has ineluctably appropriated the identity of an actor. He has impudently maintained the deception for over half a century since the time of danger during World War II. He must have thought he had shaken off his far past and wiped out all vestige of his old identity until the letter of Cass Cleave confronts him with irrefutable proof of his imposture. Banville devotes almost the whole novel chronicling Axel Vander's life, his delirious reflections, his reminiscence of his wife, the disturbing details of his impregnable alibi - all the minute heart-pricking details that permits Cass Cleave to privy the impostor's secret. Banville has written a beautifully crafted thriller, with meticulous prose, that prepares readers for the dreadful moment - the meeting of Axel Vander and his nemesis from whom he is so overwrought to buy silence for fear of being exposed. The prose is incredulously lyrical, rich, and refined - so much more compressed and yet detailed any prose in most contemporary fiction. Banville is one of the few living author who can maintain the flow of a novel with a taut sense while flourishing different themes as well as exploring and exposing, delineating the intricacies of human emotions. The book leaves us in awe of the marvelous silence with which human tolerate lies. Once again Banville has epitomized literary fiction with a twisting intrigue, which is unfortunately exiguous in the market now. 2004 (12) MY
How to hear from God This is a very good spiritual read. I learned a from it. I would recommend this book to a any one who is struggling with this issue
Really enjoyed these stories... I originally read these books in paperback, and was happy to find them released for Kindle. While, yes, a little unrealistic with Princes and Sheiks falling in love with and marrying American women, they are light, fun romantic reads when you just want to get lost in a book for a while.
Killing Fear Prison Break Trilogy by Allison Brennan I really enjoyed this novel and of course had to read it since it was part of the trilogy. Great characters and a book you really don't want to put down, till you get to the end! Can't wait to read more of this author's novels. ThanksSudden Death(F.B.I.Trilogy Allison Brennan really delivers with this novel...there is no way you can read this and not the other two in this series! I loved her style of writing as well as her characters and all the twists and turns...great read. ThanksCutting Edge (F.B.I.Trilogy) Excellent read! I really enjoyed this author and could not wait to read the next book in the trilogy. Twists and turns abound and it was very hard to put down...what I call a page turner! Loved the characters,loved the action and just all around loved the book! ThanksThe Kill : A Novel (Predator) The second in the Predator series and as good as the first. You do NOT want to put this book down! Excellent read,thanks!
Great fantasy romance collection These stories kept my attention and were hard to put down. The author weaves a tale that helps you develop a kinship with the characters in this fantastical world.
Warning - This Book is a page turner I made a mistake of starting this book on a work day. It is pushing noon, and 2 Starbucks later, not my normal brand of coffee, but I needed the kick., and I am finally awake. I only had 2 hours of sleep last night. The good news is that I did finish the book. This book does much more then lay a foundation for a new series. It is a very good read in its own right. Like many other of Ms. Moon's books, the protagonist starts at the beginnig of her military career. The context is different then for either Esmay's or Paks'. The context is very consistent with what I would expect for a young merchant ship officer with a significant chunk of military acadamy training. The hook used to move her from the military acadamy back to the family business is the only real weak piece of the yarn, but it does not distract from it. It is going to be dificult to wait for the sequel, scheduled for this fall.
Not my normal read. But very good book This is a superb story. Hooked in in an kept me till the last page. I was really surprised!!! The characters are so strong and the mystery was great. I recommend for all to read. I usually read urban fantasy, fantasy knights and gools. But this was a wonderful book and a great mystery!!!!
Go get it!!!! OMG I am obsess with this famly. I am in-love with this books. This is a wonderful story. I am beyond happy about this book. Go get it. I think you will enjoy it very well.
Four Stars Like
EXCELLENT One of the best books I've ever read. Truly inspiring and insightful. Everyone whether you have or know someone with mental illness can find enlightenment from this book. Thanks to the author for sharing her story.
EXCELLENT READ I understand why this has become such a popular series. The characters are fascinating. This book is fast paced and keeps you guessing until the end. Jeanne Zabst
Great Story - but requires Multi-Lingual ability The most important thing to know about The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao by Junot Diaz is that it is a MULTI language book. Large portions of it are written in Spanish. There are also numerous other phrases and situations lifted from a number of sci-fi books, anime, manga, which form a language in and of themselves. You either need to know all of these worlds thoroughly to understand the book, or you need to have a "cliff notes" guide next to you and go back and forth between the book you're reading and the explanation of what the chapter actually meant. The book is told from a number of points of view - Oscar, his sister Lola, his mother, even his grandmother and more. Each person tells a portion of the story from their own point of view and fills in more of the storyline. Oscar is an obese man of Dominican descent who takes refuge in a world of sci-fi and fantasy. He is picked on for his size and his depression and retreat make up the majority of this story. What makes up the other part is the history of the Dominican Republic. With many books you read the story and at the end all you've learned is about those fake characters and their lives. With this book, you really learn a lot about the Dominican Republic - something that most of us probably know nothing at all about. I give the book a lot of credit for all of the research and information it presents in a fun, enjoyable way. The use of footnotes to do it is a bit stilting at time, but it still is enriching to learn the history. I really did enjoy the book greatly - but I also took six years of Spanish. I could understand what it was saying. I think the average non-Spanish speaker who is reading along about Beli working in a restaurant and hitting the phrase, "Oye, paraguayo, y que paso con esa esposa tuya? Gordo, no me digas que tu todavia tienes hambre?" are going to be sort of lost. I could see if they tossed in one-word in context words such as "Adios, see you later my friend!" However, the book goes FAR beyond that and often you need to know what the words mean to understand what is going on. There really should have been footnotes with translations - there are certainly enough footnotes with less important things story-wise. In the same way, you miss a lot of the storyline if you haven't read certain books. For example, Oscar often speaks in Dune-language. He says at one point his grandmother "tried to use the Voice" on him. This is a power of the Bene Gesserit in Dune, where they could subtly control someone's actions by speaking in a certain way to them. In another part he is afraid, and starts quoting "Fear is the mind killer" which is the Bene Gesserit "Litany Against Fear". The whole litany gives a mental environment for handling fear, which the reader is expected to know and understand. More people might get the Lord of the Rings references which are scattered around quite a lot, given the recent popularity of those movies. One woman is "ageless, the family's very own Galadriel," i.e. the Elven beauty from Lothlorien. Speaking of Lothlorien, another section of the book talks about how a woman "who with the elvish ring of her will had forged within Bani her own personal Lothlorien, knew that she could not protect the girl against a direct assault from the Eye." There's a lot of Lord of the Rings mythology wrapped up in that sentence that a non-LOTR reader would miss. Even more meaningful, when Oscar first read Lord of the Rings he choked at the line "and out of Far Harad black men like half-trolls" which represents an entire area of sociological discussion about how Tolkien handled dark skinned people. This type of situation is everywhere. There are lines from Akira. Commentary from Star Wars. Lots of quick one-line references that bring with them a wealth of meaning, but if you don't have that background of literature in your history, you will miss what he's trying to say. I was lucky in that I am a huge sci-fi buff and also love anime, so I got a lot of those references, but it really makes me wonder 1) what I still might have missed and 2) how much others who have not read all these things are going to miss. Again, the book really needs a CliffNotes to go with it, so you can see what all the references meant in the chapter you just finished. I didn't find any websites that do this type of breakdown, so maybe I should start one up! It really is needed, to get the full understanding of the plot and subtle meaning in what is being said. Well recommended if you have that Spanish language background and sci-fi fantasy understanding. If you go into this without understanding Spanish and not having read any sci-fi, you're going to run into a *lot* you are confused by. You can either just accept that is going to happen or have a web browser nearby to help you translate.
Steam steam and more hot This book is so hot that you do not want it to end. What a great and unbelievable story. Yes, unbelievable because who does not want to read books that transport you to another time and place and hot wonderful love. This book is for dreamers, but it is an original. It deserves five stars and I would not ever think of giving it less than that. I LOVED IT. Thank you, thank you
Blizzard of the Blue Moon Grandchildren love this series of books! They can't wait until I get the next one to read to them or for a gift for them!!!
Loved this book I loved this book and so did my husband. He's not a reader but read it after I finished it. I'm really surprised at the few who gave this book a poor review. I liked Carrie the protagonist and Mariah, the servant slave and friend, was very special.
Wow Wao! When I began reading this I didn't expect to finish it. The angst of a teenage boy, told in crude language and sprinkled liberally with Spanish slang and idioms, didn't appeal to me at all. However, since it won a Pulitzer and has been widely praised I decided to read a few chapters before closing it, and I'm so glad I did. It's weird to say this in light of what I wrote above, but this is one beautifully written book. The language is lilting, and the dialogue so natural the characters jump out at the reader. It's easy to imagine this read aloud. The time jumps are a little hard to follow, probably because I know little of Dominican history. Otherwise, my overall reaction: WOW!
Shadow Music: A Novel Shadow Music: A Novel by Julie Garwood is one of my favorite books with lots of romance. I already had story on hardback and ten bought on Kindle for convenience. I call Julie Garwood historical romances my "Happy Books."
Good The Renegade's Woman by Nikita Black A bit rushed but a good story never the less and erotic too. Ms. Black delivers again in her stories. Standing Bear is an Arapaho Indian who sees and eventually falls for Sally whom he calls Pale as Moonlight. This is a historical romance in that the words flow in an old fashion cadence... "You are hungry for me, Pale As Moonlight. I am pleased." He dragged his cheek across her temple. His tongue crept out and flicked over her ear. "Teach me this kissing." But make no mistake that it's all kinds of erotic when these two people get together. There is this scene with a thin vine, berries and mint leaves that reaffirms that kink is not a 21st century invention. Wow!
Wonderful kick off of a new series This is a really great start to a new series. I really enjoyed this book. However, I did have a tough time with remembering all the characters (there were many...who I am assuming will be in featured in following books). Ms. Sands has come up with a new idea for how vampires were created...though at some points her medical explanations were hard to follow - as in they did not make much sense - but her take on vampires is wonderfully fresh. I would highly recommend this book to all those who enjoy tasty paranormal romances.
Energy to Spare This tale never lets up. It starts at a full head of steam and somehow manages to impart some lesser-known (at least to me) history in the process. Yes, it might help to know Spanish. I know a few words and phrases but just plowed right through those few passages, and laughed when I could. This is breezy, somehow, and dark at the same time. The voice is one-of-a-kind and for that alone deserves high marks. Junot Diaz sets a high bar at the outset and never backs down--or off. Diaz slips in all sorts of fun references, riffing off his main character's fascinations and sprinkling in neat tidbits of current events too. Don't overlook the footnotes. I liked this book best when Oscar was on stage but his family history, and the wonderful way this whole book was constructed, make for a compelling, memorable read.
Hawke helps some sheep ranchers save their sheep and ranch and some of their lives Vaughan has written a great story about sheep and cattle on open range and the problems that comes with gready cow ranchers not wanting sheep on the range. The series of Hawke is a great read.He is a wanderer. Hawke is a man who was one of the worlds most accomplished pianist until he went to join the war and caught and killed and could no longer play piano on the world stage. A great read.
Tip: Don't Get Jailed in France Frank Abagnale admits he is (was) a con man and a swindler. In this memoir, he recounts his teenage years spent as a con artist. Frank had brass you-know-whats to even attempt, much less succeed, at some of the capers he pulled off. He traveled the world, seduced beautiful women and wrote thousands of forged checks, usually while impersonating a Pan Am airline pilot. He did short stints impersonating a doctor, a professor, a writer, and a lawyer, among others. (I was especially impressed that the high school dropout studied for and passed the Louisiana bar exam in nine weeks.) I was delighted when I ran across several copies of this book in my local used bookstore. (This is no doubt due to the popularity of the movie.) It is impossible to put down, a fast, high energy read that gives the reader the vicarious thrill of pulling off the perfect crimes. I was glad that Frank also included a description of his first few stays in prison - Yikes! I am watching my Ps & Qs the next time I'm in France!Dreary, Depressing and LONG I would recommend you read the author's note at the end of the book first, it contains a concise summary of the real battle of Franklin, Tennessee and the real history of Carrie McGavock and her private cemetery. In this fictionalization, the author spends the first 300 pages or so recounting the battle of Franklin, Tennessee in exhausting, gruesome detail. He also concocts a bizarre romance between Carrie McGavock, the mistress of Carnton plantation, and a Confederate sergeant from Arkansas. In the last 100 or so pages, Carrie battles the evil, rich landowner who wants to plow under the dead in his field to plant more cotton. In my opinion, the smarmy sentimentality only did Carrie's story a disservice. I couldn't help but think of Lionel Barrymore (Mr. Potter in "It's a Wonderful Life") as the evil Mr. Baylor who wants to plow under the dead, and when the farmers band together to help dis-inter the dead and move them to Carrie's yard, it was a little too reminiscent of the final scene of that same movie when everyone brings money for George Bailey. Since there is a Warner Books logo on the spine, they will probably make a movie of this that is actually better.Nerd Annihilation Yunior, the on-again/off-again boyfriend of Lola de Leon, is the narrator of this novel about a Dominican-American family in New Jersey. The main character is Oscar (Lolas little brother), the grossly obese king of the nerds, who is forever relegated to the friend zone. The familys story is slowly unfolded through a series of flashbacks and we learn that Oscar and Lolas grandparents were murdered in the Dominican Republic by Trujillos brutal regime, their mother was orphaned and subject to unbelievable abuse before being rescued by a cousin, and ultimately sent to safety in America. The past keeps repeating itself, and the members of this little Dominican family seem doomed by a curse. This novel is riveting & unforgettable but Im still on the fence because it was so brutal and depressing. Do yourself a favor and don't attempt to read it unless you speak some Spanish. (I learned some new curse words!) P.S. Amazon rejected this review, I think because I included the name of the curse mentioned in the book it starts with an F
... the first book I read from Oriah and I loved it, now I have it on kindle This was the first book I read from Oriah and I loved it, now I have it on kindle, so I can read it anywhere I want. Perfect!
brought for my daughter I loved this book so much; I had to buy one for my daughter and her friends to read this series.
Five Stars Really enjoyed this book. Especially the back ground of Hawke. He was a smart guy.
Very funny, quick read If you like your vampires ala Kim Harrison, Laurell K Hamilton, or even Patricia Briggs, don't expect more of the same here. Those writers obviously draw a compelling dark fantasy realm, where the vampires are frightening, complex, and darkly mysterious. Here the vampires are as human as you or I. They even refer to themselves that way. There are no evil demons in possession in "A Quick Bite" but I found myself suprisingly drawn into the story of how Lissa, a 202 year old vamp, and Gregory a mid-thirties physchiatrist meet. I found the vamp's family all to be intriguing and fairly fleshed out and I can see reading more books about them. There are definately some aspects of the relationship that don't ring true, for example how quickly they fall in love. Obviously, also, in real circumstances, if you were mind tricked, tied to a bed, and made 'dessert' for a vampire, you'd probably be freaked out and running away from, and not straight to, the vampire. However, this isn't reality and that is what I like to escape from when I read. I found this to be a fast, lightweight read that I enjoyed every minute of.
Interesting Always on the lookout for authors that I have not read yet. Glad I discovered Allison Brennan..will be reading the rest of this trilogy and then on for more..
Must read! I read this book years ago. And then my book club picked it this last month. Still great the 2nd time around!
Compelling story, historically accurate This compelling story was hard to put down. Both Carrie and Zack were strong, well-developed characters, a bit quirky for their time, but highly believable. As a Civil War buff, I love reading ficton from that era. I found the book to be flawlessly accurate on the historic details surrounding the story. It was so nice to read about a Southern belle who wasn't a vain scatter-brained flirt, but rather a strong heroic woman.
I loved it the book is great ! I loved the movie so i wanted to read the book and its living up to my expectations. Its mind boggling to know how young he was when he did all these things and I know its his personality that enabled most of it. I love this book and movie and part of the reason is the agent who caught him and was such a humanitarian and the end of it was so uplifting. Just a really good uplifting ending and a great read !
Ten Discoveries For a really quick review of the most important archaeological finds in history, this is an awesome book. It will make you want to do more research on all 10, which is what I done.
One the finest literary works relating the emotionons and events in WWII Author's vivid description of both the events and emotions of active combat puts you in the scenes experiencing, feeling, and involved in real life combat. You are sensing and going through the fear and tension that the common soldier has. For me it is the most realistic description of the brutality of war and describes the emotions and action a combat soldier both must utilize and develop to survive.
Four Stars a good read for a western, good guy wins, baddies loseFour Stars a good western
Excellent space adventures await! Not only does this volume contain "Farewell to the Master", of which the movie "The Day the Earth Stood Still" is based upon, but also two other gems that are sure to be enjoyed by all fans of early sci-fi. Farewell to the Master - Forget what you saw in the movie, as the original story is so far and away different than what was brought to life on the silver screen; and, to be quite honest, so much better. As many have noted, the parting lines of this book will take you by complete surprise; and in reading this well executed novella, the reader will be rewarded with a well-crafted, thought-provoking story. Alas, All Thinking - The tale of a time traveler that encounters the future of the human race...again, with an ending that will leave the reader surprised. A Matter of Size - In a futuristic era when all corners of space have been explored, a stranger from an unknown race of aliens appears in the laboratory of a scientist on earth with the intent of taking our protagonist to this strangers far-away world to help with an issue only this scientist can help with. What follows is an adventure that can be nest explained as one part HG Wells and one part Edgar Rice Burroughs. This is a great collection for those who enjoy older sci-fi, great story telling, and still possess a sense of wonder and imagination. The main story "Farewell to the Master" may be somewhat familiar to many, but the other two novellas in this collection are also superb, and all-in-all, a great adventurous escape on a rainy day or two.
A Different War A war of might deciding what is right. Another fast moving Western from Vaughan which will hold your interest from the first page. Buy this one now.Hawke - The Cleanup Man When Hawk is in a town that needs help with the criminals, he has the expertise to bring about change. Add this novel to your Bucket List.
Four Stars its okay I guess good reading bookFour Stars its okay I guess good reading book
Liked the movie. Loved the book! Liked the movie. Loved the book. It really gives you an idea how brutal foreign prisons can be.Great book. Decker and Lazarus bring romance to detective ... Great book. Decker and Lazarus bring romance to detective novels. I'm currently reading (re-reading) the sequel Milk and Honey! I recommend that a reader start at the beginning and read the books in sequesce.
Must read historical romance I love love love Ryder and Jessie's story!!! Very hot and sexy but some sad parts dealing with Ryder's addiction.... Loved Jessie's strength and banter her and Ryder threw at each other.... Looking forward to reading more from Scottie Barrett
Best vampire series ever!!! This book is fantastic and I can't wait for the rest of their stories. I love this family and their friends.
Great Paper but would like a lower price Love the paper. Great writers but cancelled my subscription due to the price. If the price comes down to like $12/mo I might buy it them. I do buy an occasional single issue for $.99 which I really like. Gave 5 stars for the papers content. I can't rate low due to the cost since I was aware of the cost when subscribing.Can no longer save or clip stories Since NYT began a paid service to view articles online I can now RARELY clip an article to view later or save. A message appears that the article is no longer available. Guess NYT and Amazon wants me to pay $20/month for a full subscription. I'm cancelling this blog.
Five Stars Good readFive Stars GO COMMUNISM
ANOTHER GOOD WESTERN ALMOST BEEN TOO LONG SINCE I READ IT. GOOD READ OR I WOULD NOT HAVE FINISHED IT
A wonderful read I was interested in reading this book after watching Oprah Winfrey' s Super Soul Sunday. I watched Sue Monk Kidd on her show and they discussed the book so I decided to get it. I could not put it down . And I am so happy I read it and I highly recommend everyone to read this book. I loved it.
Fabulous Held me from the moment I started reading right to the last page and left me wanting more
Fern Michaels One of the Ladies in my art class recommend the series to me I loved them all of them I would recommend it myself to anyoneFern Michaels One of the Ladies in my art class recommend the series to me I loved them all of them I would recommend it myself to anyone
but the books are very well written and I enjoyed reading the series It has been a few years since I read this series (in hardcopy), but the books are very well written and I enjoyed reading the series. I may have to re-read them again just to refresh my memory - I definitely recommend them.
Compelling So well written. Smart. Such spontaneous imagination. Completely believable in the self talk. Too bad T Ray could not be a compassionate man who n the end.
Countdown I love iris Johannes writing, her books are very entertaining and the flow and follow through is great. I'm on to the next one.
I love her writing She never fails to make me a very happy reader
Five Stars Good reading.
Five Stars Another great adventure for Hawke to clear up in his easy going but firm and forceful way!
Another favorite This is another book I've reread and reread. Remington is learning to deal with life as a werewolf, and is at first unaware that Jake is his mate, although he can't figure out why his eyes continue to shift every time he's near the man. Remy's first concern is always protecting his dearly loved little brother, Sterling. Remy is more a father to Sterling than their abusive father ever one. There is a complex plot involving suppressed memories, the absolute evil that his father is, and protecting Sterling. All the while the relationship between Remy and Jake grows, and we learn a lot more about the rest of the pack members. Remy is stronger than we realized when we first met him in the previous book, once we see what he has lived through, and he has a special gift to make the pack stronger. Jake is just as marvelous as ever. The characters are endearing, the writing is mature, and the plot is good. I'm hoping Ms. Langley has another in the series up her sleeve with Rhys and Sterling...
Sisterhood Series - The Jury Excellent Book Series! I can't seem to get enough of them, I start on a new one as soon as I finish one! (Still reading them...)
Interesting and sometimes intense I thought this a very good piece of fiction writing. The characters were well constructed and were people I found myself caring about. The final outcome of the climax was not obvious until the very end. I would like to read the next in the series.
An awesome look at a merciless journey into war This is an autobiographic look at the war experience of a lieutenant of paratroopers serving in World War II in the famed 82d Airborne Division. In this book, author James Megellas (a/k/a "Maggie") tells us the story of intense and almost continuous combat beginning in North Africa, continuing in Italy, and finally D-Day and the invasion of Western Europe. The author explains that his "MOS" (Military Occupational Specialty) was simply to "Kill Germans" and that this was the real, if unofficial, job description of himself and his men. The author makes no bones about the merciless nature of the war. Prisoners were sometimes shot by both sides, and to say that there were hard feelings is an understatement. This was a rough war against a competent enemy who inflicted terrible casualties on allied soldiers, who in turn gave even better than they got. Magellas' observations and opinions about rear-echelon soldiers, and the psychology of the higher-ups who did little or no actual fighting, ring true. He notes that it was the captains and lieutenants who really functioned as "leaders" of combat troops, and it was pretty obvious that Magellas was less than impressed with much of the upper brass. The British brass comes in for particularly harsh criticism in the context of the failure of Montgomery's Operation Market-Garden. Magellas also relates an astonishing incident in which British armor refused to advance to relieve besieged units of British paratroopers, which shirking allowed the Germans to massacre them. The author takes the trouble to say that he "personally witnessed this incident...." Books like this remind us in this time of relative peace (notwithstanding the very real fighting that goes on in the present day) the tremendous debt that all of us owe to those who endured unspeakable danger and hardships to bring down Nazi Germany. Need I add that it is a reminder of the debt that we all owe to the soldiers, sailors, marines, and airmen who are serving America in the present day. This is a well-written and lucid account of combat by an intelligent and brilliant soldier.
I like this. This was an interesting book on the times back when women were so subservient to men and their whims. Yet, I did enjoy reading this.It's okay Not much fun, this book. The things here are really outdated and really common-sense that we all know. Not a good read.
Love the Madaris Novel This was was great read. The characters are relatable and drew you into the story. I'm looking forward to reading about Dex!
Grimm's Fairy Tails Fun stories to read to my children. They are always asking me to read them a favorite from the book. Excellent writer Jacob Grimm. Every child should have someone read to them!
Five Stars Vaugan & Hawks - great reading, never want to stop reading once I start!Five Stars always great reading by Robert Vaughan and Hawke.
M. Levin is extraordinary. Men in Black is ... M. Levin is extraordinary. Men in Black is very readable. I encourage anyone interested in "fixing" the problems this country faces, to read this book.
Five Stars asdf
Go Hawk! Love this entire series. Ready read that holds my interest.Great Western! Hawke is a great character that is rough and tough but gentle and smart at the same time. It is an enjoyable read that gives you a true flavor as to how the old west could have been.
Bought it because it was free. I like it just fine.
Salary strategies for women What does it take to be highy paid woman? When is education enough? What qualities women need to succeed? Once one is there (on the top) is it worthed? For any woman who feels as underearner, this is a book that will open some doors to self discovery. You can choose to get rid of your limited beliefs by affirmation, meditation, counceling, or perhaps just hearing other women success stories quated in this book will be a push enough for starting a new way of looking at your own career goals as well as salary goals. Easy read, common sense advice, great read to share with your mother or a girlfriend.
lots of action Ky Vatta is an engaging character. Her intellect, common sense and adventurous spirit and actions made me keep reading late into the night.
Five Stars Another great Sisterhood book in the series.
The Jury I enjoyed reading this book. It was exciting and intriguing. I read this book in one and a half days. Suzanne wrosch.
excellent This book really kept your interest. it was I Can't put it down. A well written and woven story. Will look for more of hers
Lee Integers two words into one the elves time periods and space time period. The combing is good you don't get lost. It keeps you in both words at the same time. The only thing that I didn't like is the licking of blood. It needs rereading the dashes are funny.
Vital reading in today's world Everyone should read this book in order to understand the thought process giving rise to geopolitical collectivism. It is extremely interesting that historical information presented to support the need for communism is misrepresented, either accidentally (by mistake) or on purpose (a lie). For example, the authors state that the Industrial Revolution caused widespread destitution and wage-slave misery by removing European / UK workers from their agrarian lives in the country. The reality is that literal starvation and death from disease were often widespread before the Industrial Revolution. That event, the application of machinery to the manufacturing process, significantly upgraded the lives and incomes of those who participated. One example is clothing. Prior to the Industrial Revolution, most clothing was made of wool. It could not be washed, or it would shrink. People of the lower class -- the overwhelming majority class -- wore unsanitary, uncomfortable clothing year-round. After steam engines were applied to the weaving process, inexpensive cotton cloth enabled the abundant manufacture of durable, washable clothing to which everyone had ready access. The Industrial Revolution, a product of capitalism, upgraded human existence to a degree never before seen in the world. Again, this is definitely an important book to read -- for the right reasons. It is NOT a book upon which to base an economic/governmental system, unless the goal is to create a uniformly shabby life for everyone. The reality is that people simply are not equal... not in intelligence, initiative, energy or merit.Should Be Read By All -- It's An Unworkable System The authors adduced one premise that was either a mistake or a lie: the assertion that the Industrial Revolution caused destitution and misery. That is simply untrue. The Industrial Revolution, an offshoot of the Enlightenment in Scotland, gave rise to the mass production and transporation of goods in the United Kingdom (by people seeking profits) which significantly upgraded the quality of life there. One example is cotton; industrialization so increased the utilization of cotton that cloth became affordable to everyone -- people very quickly, for the first time in history, had access to inexpensive, clean and serviceable clothing. And there is the reality that people simply are not equal in ability, initiative, intelligence, energy and other productive attributes. The elimination of profits in enterprises is a certain way to smother productivity and create equality.... equality of destitution. Most curious is why the authors attacked capitalism. What was their motive? Insecurity, jealousy? Capitalism has upgraded human existence on a wide scale as no other system ever has or can. Why did this pair attack that?
A best in class no-starch newspaper I love the NYT paper on the web, and I love my kindle version. I've subscribed to the kindle NYT paper for exactly one year now, and I fully expect to subscribe to it on the kindle until something better comes along. A quick summary of what is to like about the kindle version would be: you don't have to throw away an entire tree with each delivery, you get it delivered to you rain or shine the same time each day, reading it at work doesn't attract as much attention as the paper version would, sunlight reading is no problem, reading while on the exercise cycle is no big deal, and there aren't all those annoying adds. The negatives include the following: lack of graphics (I know, the tech doesn't support much yet), no colour (coming soon). Oh yeah, and lest we forget, the paper delivery price, less the teaser discount, is 14.80 USD / week as I write this.
Awesome!!! Heather Graham has quickly become my favorite author. She surprises me with every book she has written because I never see the twist coming. They are all wonderfully scripted love stories!!
My 13 year old loves this book I bought this book for my 13 year old son who was just wrapping up book 1 and was begging to go to the store to get the rest. He loves this book. He seems to like it more than Eragon, and maybe even as much as Harry Potter.
Anita Shreve rocks! Anita Shreve just can't seem to write a bad book. In All He Ever Wanted, her tale concerns unrequited love, the results of the somewhat unlikely 'love at first sight.' Maybe this was more commn in the early 20th century, the era in which this book is set, but it was the only part of the tale that stretched my credulity. The story covers a lot of ground: anti-Semitism, ... abuse, women's rights, and academia. If you liked Shreves' other books, you won't be disappointed by this one.Incredible, all the more so because it's nonfiction! I'm old enough to remember this story from when it came around for the first time, about a bazillion years ago. But I only heard about it then; I didn't read it. This time I read it, and wow, what a story. This guy, obviously loaded with charm, guts, and savy aplenty, was probably the biggest swindler and impersonater the world has ever known. He passed himself off as a doctor, a pilot, a professor, and a lawyer, all on the basis of a glib tongue, a demeanor that inspired trust, and a 10th grade education! Now totally reformed and earning a great living helping to catch people such as he used to be, he's still as charming as ever. Talk about a con artist. You just can't help but admire his chutzpah - and see? We're all going out and buying his book. So he's winning all over again! Enjoy it.
Different I liked this story although its probably not one of my top favorites of this series so far. Both of the MC's were interesting and likable, even though they come from such different backgrounds. The way that they meet I have to acknowledge was really different. And as Greg begins to overcome his fear of his situation, he finds that he is intrigued and curious about the people who have captured him. He has an intelligent mind and he's curious about vampires. Vampires now that's something that really takes a while to wrap his mind around. At first he thinks that they are all delusional. As time goes on, he finds that he's actually beginning to like the wild assortment of people who make up Lissianna's family.Good but not my Favorite of the Series While this was a good book, I can't say its a favorite of the series. Since I didn't read them in order, that could have something to do with that. I now have them lined up to finish in the right order and that should take care of that. It does give us an update on Julia, for those who have been following these stories. It also is the book where Maggie Spritzer is introduced and the other reporter Ted starts "working'' with her. They both are looking for The Pulitzer and are only willing to work together so far. At this point of the story, their time together is just starting, its really just early days. OK, I won't lie to you "The Punishment" made me squirm but then again so did a few other books when it came to the revenge part. One thing I noticed was in the beginning part of Chapter 12, there was a statement about a certain day that they later referred to as the day from hell. And then we began to get a quick course in exactly why that was. It was a good way to describe what happens next. There are quite a few disastrous things that happen, one right after the other.
Great find in discovering the Kindle application for the International New York Times. It's extremely nice to be able to still keep up with what is happening on the world stage from my new home overseas. After discovering Amazon.com, I finally was able to quit trying to find English written books and now my daily newspaper delivered every morning on my new Kindle. The International New York Times, previously the International Herald gives me gives me an extremely broad, well written picture of what is happenig on in the world and particularly Asia as I receive the Asia Edition.
Five Stars fun entertaining book. i'm looking forward to the rest of the series
Great book! You don't normally think of true crime books as being funny, as well as entertaining. But this is not your average true crime book, and Frank Abagnale was not your average criminal. I kept thinking that if this kid (most of his crimes were committed while he was still in his teens) had used his ample smarts toward something more societally productive, then he could have made his fortunes legally and avoided the jail stints, including his horrifying 6 months in a French prison. Luckily, he has since turned his life around and is using his expertise on criminal activity toward the betterment of society. You go, Frank!"
Another Good Western I really enjoy the character "Hawke" created by this author. Who expects a the piano player in the bar to be a gunfighter fast as lightning! This series is enjoyable to say the least. Vaughan writes good stories.Good Author I've just started reading Robert Vaughan. Enjoyable to say the least. Hawke is a quirky fun western action gunslinger. I'll continue to read this author!!
Five Stars Very captivating from the start to the finish. Couldn't put it down.
Four Stars This is a good western adventure!
You can't go wrong with E Moon! As always, Moon delivers a very well written page turner with a strong female protagonist. I can highly recommend this!
Great romance story... This turned out to be my favorite story in the anthology,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hearts-from-the-Ashes/dp/159998346X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hearts from the Ashes</a>. I found the idea of an alpha and omega werewolf romance to be refreshing. Yes, Laney is very much like an uke in a traditional yaoi story - but, I like yaoi. He is a little effeminate, which may seem stereotypical, but there are men like this. Certainly not all gay men, or even all "bottoms." Yet, I rarely see readers griping about how so many romances have strong, handsome men either - why aren't they short and ugly to avoid being stereotypical? Because this is a fantasy romance not real life! Laney's clumsiness is a little over the top, but his relationship with Dev is sweet and hot. I would have liked the characters to be more developed, but this is a short story not a novel. Langley sets the stage for her "With or Without" werewolf series, which gets more depth in the next two novels. Overall, I have enjoyed everything from this author, especially the werewolves. Check out the next two:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Without-Reservations/dp/1599983478/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Without Reservations</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/With-Caution/dp/B000ZKECCW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">With Caution</a>. Highly recommended.This series continues to improve... This werewolf romance series by Langley gets better with each offering! In&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Without-Reservations/dp/1599983478/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Without Reservations</a>, we met Chay's slightly homophobic friend, Remi. He was made a werewolf by Jake, who is also his mate but hesitant to reveal the fact. But, the real reason behind Remi's attitude is heartbreaking and shocking. Physical abuse from his father was hinted at in the previous installment, but now the truth is fully revealed. This book does stand alone, but a reader will benefit from reading the previous ones. While I really enjoyed the last one, this book has more depth and much richer character development, especially in Remi. He is flawed, loving, vulnerable and in need of someone to care for him for a change. Jake is that person, but first they both must deal with the very real danger Remi's brother Sterling is in from their abusive father, Dirk. In their efforts to find evidence against Dirk so they can take Sterling away, Jake and Remi uncover a mystery revolving around an incident when Remi was a teen. And incident so horrifying, Remi's mind completely blocked it out - except for the dream he keeps having. There is a lot of action regarding the mystery, and plenty of Langley's trademark hot sex. Langley also expands on her werewolf mythos, with new insight into alpha and omega status within the pack. This was hinted at in the first short story, "With Love" in the anthology&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hearts-from-the-Ashes/dp/159998346X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hearts from the Ashes</a>. There is a lot to enjoy here in addition to the romance. My only disappointment with this novel, and it was a small one, was the very predictable storyline with Sterling. Warning, small SPOILER: Sterling is beaten nearly to death and is saved by being made a werewolf by his mate. This is exactly what happened to Remi in the last book in order to segue into his story! So, the next book will likely be Sterling's romance. However, this was a minor hitch and doesn't make me want to read Sterling's story any less. I just wish it had been done differently, maybe as a choice this time. Langley did throw in a great surprise concerning Sterling that should make the next book more interesting. Overall, this was a wonderful paranormal M/M romance. I will definitely be buying this in paperback come summer so I can re-read it. Highly recommended!
wonderful thrilling read! This book is the best in the series so far. Loved the action - fantastic descriptive battle scenes - good characters well defined.
SCHIZOPHRENIA Excellent insight into the mind of a real schizophrenia patient.
Louis L'Amour I am very prejudiced toward anything with Louis LAmour writes. He is easily one of the best writers of the 20th century.
Five Stars Love the descriptive way in which Sue Monk Kidd writes.
I love sci/fi/fantasy books. I enjoy books like this because it gives me a feel for different authors. I have discovered many really wonderful authors through the years after reading their work in an anthology like this. If I really like an author's work, then I start collecting his/her other stories/novels.
Wings in the night I love these books by Maggie Shayne. She is awesome!!!!!!!! The stories are a great read for anyone who loves romance.
Not as amazing as the first 2 books but still a great read Every single one of Julie Garwoods books so far have been magical and amazing to read. I am unsure how to rate this one because I am worried that the magic for me just wasn't there. I am wondering how to rate. I did enjoy the book, just not as much as the others. I felt the formula was off. I felt the book was off because the Colm & Gabrielle pretty much didn't even meet each other until the midway point in the book. There was such a confusing back story and all the other mini plots that my head was spinning. I just wanted Colm and Gabrielle to meet and it was getting frustrating that it hadnt happened yet. Afterall in all the other books, Garwoods characters were married near the beginning of the book. (which I loved) Another big difference I felt from the previous novels and how Shadow Music was written was the writing style in general. Garwood has really great prologues. Shadow Music also had a great prologue but it felt like by the 4th chapter I was still reading a prologue and waiting for the story to actually begin. The story of the battling barons was a great set up for the conflict but it just felt to long. The battle where Liam was injured and Gabrielle and her guard saved him was great but I still didn't understand why the need to keep it a secret was such a big deal. I initially thought that Liam was going to be the hero of this story not his brooding Laird brother. The entire Abbey chapters where Gabrielle was disgraced started really to frustrate me. I wanted them to meet and it still hadnt happened yet. Moving forward to Gabrielle and Colm finally meeting was such a let down. I was thinking to myself it took chapters and chapters to get here and that was it? I did like that Gabrielle was a bit different of heroin than the other female characters. I like the Garwood doesnt just write the same characters over and over with just a name change to make them different. Having said that, I found myself getting frustrated with Gabrielle on many occasions. Her stupidity (naivety) made me want to shake her. I am not exactly sure why Gabrielle and Colm fell in love. I didn't connect with them. I felt the love was a bit forced and I felt that I was being told to feel this or that instead of automatically loving the couple. Okay what I did like was the anticipation of the climax. I did like Gabrielles guards. I loved the 5 yr old twin boys being added to the story (Garwood does excellent children characters) because this story needed some sort of comic relief. So all in all, not the best of her historicals but I still enjoyed it a lot.
Great series!! Hooked on this series right now! Lynsay has a way with words and her books have a light and funny story to them.
BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU WISH FOR... This is a terrific period novel by the author, and she very capably captures the social mores and customs of the times. Dealing with desire and obsession, secrets and betrayal, the book certainly delivers a rich reading experience that will keep the reader riveted to its pages. The story therein is a first person narrative told in flashback by Nicholas Van Tassel. The pivotal story begins at the turn of the twentieth century, when the narrator is an undistinguished professor at a small New England college. A bachelor, he spies Etna Bliss, a pretty, single woman and falls in love at first sight. As luck would have it, he enables her to escape from a fire, creating a connection that he will use to press his suit. That chance meeting will ultimately end in marriage. After all, her only other option is to live as a poor relation in her married sister's household. What happens to Nicholas and Etna, as well as the tragic results of the bargain they each made when they entered into their marriage, reveals much about each of them and is also reflective of the time in which they lived. This is a wonderfully told, thematically complex tale that is evocative of a bygone era.PUTTING THE SADDLE ON THE RIGHT HORSE... This is a compelling, well-researched work of historical fiction. The linchpin of the story is John D. Lee, a close personal friend of Brigham Young and a charismatic Mormon leader, who was tried and convicted twenty years after the fact for the 1857 Mountain Meadows Massacre, in which over a hundred, non-Mormon immigrants to the West were slaughtered by Mormon settlers with the possible help of their Native-American allies. The reader views John D. Lee through the eyes of three of his many, wives, Emma, his English bride, Ann, his thirteen year old child bride, and Rachel, his second wife, sister to his first wife. Told in three parts, each wife has her own distinct voice and personality. Each one presents her own perspective on life with John D. Lee and the effect that he had on each of their lives and how they each responded to his eventual disgrace. It is a wonderful story of three women, each trying to come to terms with life and its vicissitudes, given their own needs, desires, and circumstances, as well as the nature of the time in which they lived. It is also a birds-eye view into frontier life in a polygamous household, at a time in which this doctrine was the status quo for Mormonism. This is a well-written book, as engrossing as it is fascinating, taking the reader into a world that is foreign to most of us. It is a story about real women in a time that, to the modern reader, seems almost surreal. Those readers who like the historical fiction genre will most definitely appreciate and enjoy this excellent book.
Four Stars I throughly enjoyed this book.
LOVE LOVE LOVE I have purchased Lynsay Sands entire argeneau series!!! These stores are so amazing! I love all the levels she incorporates within them. A must have series for the romance reader even if you're not into the supernatural stuff. I wasn't at first but I can't put her books down!!a good read Stories were good but seemed to rush the relationship development between characters. That being said the story lines were good and the descriptions of the scenery and town were perfect! I enjoyed the books.
Good This book was very good, but I wish it had more of an insight of what happened to Lance, Gabe and Evan after the island. How they managed their lives together. But all in all this was a good book. I recommend reading it if you are in the mood for a hot menage!
A Good Tim Winton Novel. This one is well deserving of the awards it has won. The story was as interesting as the writing. Far better plot that Cloudstreet or The Riders.
A great take on werewolf/shifter love and romance J. L. Langley created a wonderful world of werewolves and mates and love and romance, and With Love is a fun tale indeed. Devlin is visiting another town, looking for a place for he and his business partner to move their construction company to. He's sizing up the local werewolf pack, introducing himself so he can scope out the feasibility of moving here. What he finds is a ruthless pack Alpha who is abusing his Omega, a werewolf named Laine, and terrorizing the rest of the pack. One thing about werewolves.... they recognize their mate instantly, that special person that Fate has chosen for him, and the omega Laine is Devlin's mate. He quickly claims Laine as his, and now must work to dispatch the Alpha and remove him from his post so the town can be in peace again and he and his Laine can live happily ever after. The erotic nature is wonderfully sexy, it's romantic, it's funny, it's witty, and it's all-around good fun. The pace is swift, though the danger presented within the pages seems to be dispelled too easily to make for any real suspense. Still, it's a totally fun and engrossing story. I heartily recommend it, and especially recommend "Without Reservations" and "With Caution" (in that order), two more stories set in the same universe (the characters in this book have been mentioned in Without Reservations). While I enjoy the other two books more, this is still a wonderful and entertaining tale.A sexy exciting adventure When Remington Lassiter was attacked by a rogue werewolf in "Without Reservation", J.L. Langley's previous novel, he was left shredded and near-death. Jake Romero, a werewolf who had been acting as a bodyguard for Keaton in that story, found Remi, recognized him as his mate, and gave Remi his blood to heal him. This also turned Remi into a werewolf himself. Remi was raised by an abusive father who is horribly homophobic. Remi tries to protect his younger brother Sterling from the father since Sterling still lives at home. Should Remi do anything to anger his father Dirk, it will be taken out on the Sterling. Unfortunately, Remi's closest friends are gay, and merely visiting them will anger the father. To also add complications to his life, he is a new werewolf who has little control over the sensations and transformations that come along with being one. The most disrupting of the traits is that Jake Romero is Remi's mate. Everybody has a mate, the one person in the world that complements that person in every possible way. Even though Remi is straight, being near Jake arouses him and overwhelms him with emotions that he not only has no control over, but which he doesn't understand. "With Caution" is a fine complement to "Without Reservation". The main characters of Remi and Jake were introduced in that novel, and in this one, we get to see them mature and step into their new roles. J. L. Langley manages to mix excitement, danger, and eroticism all seamlessly, adding in a bit of humor when needed. It's enthralling to see Remi faced with pure lust and attraction for Jake, but not understanding why since he's straight. We spend quite a bit of time in Remi's head, and we learn his motivations and empathize with him. Jake is also a complex character in a difficult situation. He knows Remi is his mate, and the attraction is just as strong for him as it is for Remi. Jake is also a very dominant Alpha, and his first instinct is to throw Remi down and make him submit, but such an act on the unready Remi will merely scare him away. Jake walks a fine line between staying near enough to Remi to gain his trust, but still keep his arousal and instincts under control. Remi's brother Sterling is a wonderful character, one of more endearing ones I've read in fiction. Fourteen years old, accepting, exuberant, irrepressible, chronically inquisitive and talkative, he is a wonderful kid and it's very clear why everyone who meets him goes out of their way to protect him. He is absolutely dear to the story. The story is interesting and this interpretation of the werewolf genre is very well thought out. The pacing is very good. Just when you start to feel the story is getting too comfortable, a surprising twist is thrown in that livens it up again. It's a hot, steamy, exciting piece of paranormal male romance.
Good summary of a tough topic. Not easy reading for a non academic. Summary of a complex topic in a way that many can follow without a detailed background. Makes me want to find additional related sources. The outcome may be a greater grasp of history plus insight into the future.
Age Old Classic For those who haven't yet read the Grimm's Tales but have only heard about them, please take time to sit down and see what the age of fairy tale telling produced in its early days. From these we have the basis for many modern day tales that are written.
BOOK TWO IN THE EVIL SERIES Allison Brennan give us the second book in the evil series SEE NO EVIL. I think this one is better than the first. I like Connor and Julia together. The stories deals with a group of young revenge killers and Julia's defense of neice who is suspected in the first killing of the book. Good story, good characters and good realistic love story line. RECOMMENDEDPURE PLEASURE I am one lucky reader, two books in a row, great literature. The second was this one, THE WONDEROUS LIFE OF OSCAR WAO by Junot Diaz, hey, it won the Pulitzer Prize, nuf, said. This is the story of Oscar and really his family, immigrants, and their struggles with life. Just marvelous prose, lots of Spanish, but if I can deal with it, so can you. Great read, great literature. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
Desert Rogues Part 1 Romantic stories about men finding their mate and what they had to do to attract them. These are modern day stories. Interesting how they accomplished their goals.Desert Rogues Part 2 Romantic stories about men finding their mates and what they had to do to attract them. Interesting how they accomplished their goals.
OMG! What a great way to start off a series. I did not put this down until I couldn't stay awake any longer and then I just started reading as soon as I woke up. It was funny, so very very funny. Never did I think of what it would be like for a vampire who had issues with seeing blood. Then the mum went and brought in the handsome doctor for her birthday to fix her not to 'feed' her, well that was a funny misunderstanding. I absolutely loved the male perspective in this. It was hilarious, I loved how he was reprimanding himself for not caring that he was kidnapped and tied to a bed while he was being kissed. Great start, I have finished the rest of the books and look forward to the next. This whole series is a hit.
What a wondrous book It's interesting to see the different reactions to this book. it was selected by my book club, and I thought for sure it would be praised by all. That turned out not to be the case, although for me it was just incredible. Brief summary, no spoilers. This is a story about a young man named Oscar Wao and his "cursed" family, and it is also a story about the Dominican Republic. We learn about the horrors suffered by the people under the rule of Truijllo, "The Dictatingest Dictator who ever Dictated." The story goes back and forth in time, and the foreshadowing in early chapters about the suffering of various characters is explained later on. Despite the fact that this can be a lough out loud funny and witty book, the author pulls no punches and torture and abuse are often described in heartbreaking detail. I thought the book was brilliant. Oscar Wao is an overweight oddball kid who loves science fiction and reading is obsessed with finding a girlfriend and losing his virginity. He seems inept at both. As much as we, the readers, grow to love Oscar and see him as the good-hearted and special man that he is, he is mistreated by so many others and ostracized by others for his eccentricities. He is not recognized for the diamond that he is except by his family, and especially his sister Lola and her sometimes boyfriend Yunior. This is an unusual book, and there are often science fiction and fantasy references - which are helpful if you are familiar with them. Books such as Lord of the Rings, or Dune, or the Narnia series to just name a few. There's also mention of Twilight Zone episodes, and various role playing games and video and movies. I recognized most of them, and thought they were used brilliantly to take us into Oscar's mind and world. Also helpful is knowing Spanish - which I (sort of) do. I suppose this book is not for anyone, since clearly there are plenty of negative reviews and my book club was evenly divided. But for me this was an exceptional read. I think this is one of those books that you will know right away if it's your cuppa or not - just read the first twenty pages and if you're not enjoying it by then, then it's probably not going to get better for you. For me - 5 stars. Just wonderful.
Five Stars Excellent read. Takes a bit to get through but really provides good insight.
Treat Fantastic you're going to love this one try to. Read in order go to Lyndsay website to get her listing
Most Excellent It started out good, slowed down and picked up again. Great book, very detailed with the trading and economic factors. She certainly did her homework and it really gives the world a dose of realism. I'm looking forward to book #2.
Great Book Another great read from Faye Kellerman. I appreciate her willingness to share the Jewish culture with us, it never fails to add depth that other novels lack.
A fun read A very intriguing book, especially since it's a true story. Hard to put it down...very hard to believe that a teenager could pull off all that stuff and could fool so many people around the world. Recommend it for enjoyable reading...
RITUAL BATH You can't go wrong with the Kellerman books. Another good story with a surprising ending. Filled with knowledge and values that are good for all of us.
Bravura performance...a brilliant chamber piece... Five stars for one of the best books to come my way in a long time, as good as, but different from, The Weight of Water, which I also loved. I, too, listened to the unabridged audio by Dennis Boutsikaris (who played the dastardly D.A. on "One Center Street.") When it was over, I wanted to jump to my feet and shout "Bravo!" as if Id just listened to an exquisite violin ensemble I never wanted to end. I thought the novel a daring and poignant exercise in feminist fiction, similar to "The Yellow Wallpaper." It's also an experiment in Victorian fiction, and Shreve has pulled it off. Congratulations to a writer who just gets better with each book. (I've only read three of her books and can't wait to get more...)Important - it makes you look... Like many others, I've always been fascinated by the story of Eva Braun, but (maybe because I'm Jewish) was also afraid to really take a good look. It's part of a horrifying story for a Jew, but I was drawn to this book specifically because it purported to be a "fictionalized" version of a (probably mostly) true story. That kind of made it more neutral for me. What I didn't expect was to come away with some sympathy for Eva; the author revealed aspects of her life with Hitler that show her to be something of a victim and a prisoner herself. After all, once involved with this monster, she was not able to be free; she couldn't even leave her home alone, ever - she was always under guard. And the author also brings up the fact that Hitler wouldn't marry her publicly...she was always described as his "friend" or his "secretary." In that time, in Europe, it was something of a disgrace to be a mistress, with no hope of marrying the man who had ruined your reputation. So that Eva was placed in a humiliating position. In other words, this is as much a feminist novel as one about an evil society (which it also is; very, very subtly elaborated as the story unfolds). Another surprise was to find that I identified with Eva in some respects. For example, the author describes her as a "fashion addict," a shopaholic; all she ever thought about was what she would wear next. And Eva would often change her clothing several times a day. This vanity - this character defect of placing appearances above other values - is found among women everywhere, trained to use appearance to compete for men's attentions. Eva is depicted as shallow and uninterested in anything other than being Hitler's lap dog. This made her an object of scorn in the novel - but also a forgiveable, if weak, type of woman common to every culture. I found myself unable to put the book down, and I admired the writing, which was, as one reviewer said, perfectly "creepy" - as if the storyteller were whispering a horror tale. There are many insights about the times, the protagonists, including Hitler, Eva and Hitler's stooges. As another reviewer has mentioned, one thinks about this book long after putting it down.A gathering of ghosts... I loved it. Great, if sometimes bitter, writing. Frankly, bitter is my favorite style. Sometimes the main character is a little self-pitying, but that only added to the piquant nature of the tale. I understood the character's prolonged grieving for her brother, because a similar thing happened to me. There's a very "true" quality to this book that - truly - makes it a novel as opposed to a memoir.
A work of historic significance I remember reading the Communist Manifesto thirty years ago when I was at University. At the time it seemed tedious and impenetrable. Recently I re-read it and was amazed at how clear it seemed and what an effective piece of propaganda it was and how clear was the writing. Reading through the program one realises the distance that has been travelled since it was written. Some of the major planks are the Abolition of Child Labour, the creation of a progressive income tax and Free Education. Perhaps one of its major weaknesses is that Marx was a person who tended to carry a grudge. Thus a third of it is devoted to attacks on some of his contemporary enemies and rivals. These disputes have so long passed into history they are incomprehensible. The modern notion of Communism of course stems not from Marx but from Stalin and Lenin. Marx wrote at a time when the only democratic country in Europe was France. England, Germany and the Austro-Hungarian Empire all had limited franchises and Russia was of course an autocracy. One of the major reforms he battled for was the introduction of democracy. It was his belief that the implementation of his program would flow from that. Following Marx's death his movement evolved into a parliamentary movement the Social Democratic Party. Communism as a modern political phenomena dates from 1917 when splinter Social Democrats followed Russia's lead and developed small conspiratorial parties who were committed to the seizure of power by force. Stalinism is an offshoot of this system and is a form of state terror aimed at ensuring the survival of unpopular anti democratic regimes. Reading through the Manifesto one can see the basis of a system which was not only an effective for mobilising political movements, but came to influence intellectual debate for the next century. There is also perhaps a sense of a naive optimism which could not contemplate the sorts of disasters which were to occur over the next hundred years.
Old SiFi Dawg, I love this series ... I had forgot I had not written a review, which is strange because I have re-read this series at least 7 times over the years and have found the last to be as enjoyable as the 1st. As usual the author is very through in her character development and makes the reader care for them as she puts them in the most terrible situations - enjoy.
HAWK: THE KING HILL WAR MASON HAWK NEVER KILLED ANYONE WHO DIDN'T NEED KILLING. HE IS A VETERAN OF THE LATE AMERICAN CIVIL WAR. HE IS ALSO A CASUALTY OF THAT WAR. NOT IN DEATH, BUT A CASUALTY OF THE BRUTALITY AND HORROR. THIS WAR KILLED AND TOOK HIS SOUL. HE WAS A GREAT CONCERT PIANIST, WHO HAS PLAYED FOR A GOOD MANY OF THE "HEADS OF STATE" IN EUROPE AND IN AMERICA. DUE TO THE CIVIL WAR, WHERE HE WAS A "SHARPE SHOOTER" AND KILLED MANY PEOPLE, HE THINKS HE HAS LOST HIS SOUL. NOW HE IS A PIANIST WHO PLAYS THE PIANO IN THE SALOONS AND CHURCHES AND CAN KILL A MAN WITH NO THOUGHT AND NO REGREAT. HE IS VERY QUIET AND RESERVED BUT NEVER TAKE'S A STEP BACK. HE IS NOT A MAN TO BE TRIFLED WITH. THIS BOOK IS ABOUT A CATTLE VS. SHEEP AND LAND GRAB SITUATION. THERE IS LOTS OF ACTION, MYSTERY SUSPENSE. THERE IS NEVER A DULL PAGE IN THIS BOOK. SOMETIME YOU WONDER WHY THEY TAKE SO LONG TO DEFEND THEMSELVES, BUT, WHEN THEY DO, IT IS FULL OF ACTION. I THINK YOU WILL LOVE THIS BOOK, IF YOU ARE A WESTERN FICTION LOVER. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT.YOU WILL REALLY ENJOY THIS BOOK "RIDE WITH THE DEVIL" IS A VERY EXCITING, WELL WRITTEN BOOK. IF YOU ARE A "REAL" WESTERN FICTION LOVER, YOU WILL REALLY ENJOY THIS BOOK . NOT ONLY IS THERE SOME "HOOK-AND-DRAW", BUT IT IS FULL OF ACTION, SUSPENSE AND MYSTERY. IT IS A BOOK THAT YOU WON'T WANT TO PUT DOWN, UNTIL YOU HAVE FINISHED IT. ALL OF THE "HAWK" SERIES FALLS INTO THIS CATEGORY. JUST KEEP ON KEEPING ON.
Fantastic I have read the reviews my many other readers and was amazed at the low ratings some of them gave. I thought this was a great book - couldn't put it down once I started reading it.
Very good book I really enjoyed this book. I loved all three. They are filled with adventure , mystery, fun and wonderful love stories.
Wonderful Insights When we discover how to tap the power of our minds, we unlock our infinite potential. This book opens doors into thinking methods that will benefit you now.
Love this Story! Personally I find J. L. Langley's writing beautiful and easy to read. She has a wild imagination and a talent for portraying even the most fictitious ideas in a vivid and elegant manner. This book was, in my opinion, far superior to her first novel in this series: "Without Reservations". Though it is a continuing story, it branches off into a character that did not play a very large role in the first book nor was he highly thought of... We discover this character--Remi--to be far deeper and more complex than we had imagined! The tragedies in the telling of the tale are compelling and the dynamic between the werewolf aspect as well as his dominate/submissive relationship with his mate Jake, are among my favorite qualities of this novel! Suffice it to say, that I have read this book more times than I care to say, craving not only the extremely erotic romance of it, but the trials and tribulations where the good eventually conquers over evil! LOVE this book! Highly recommend it!
Wings in the Night part 1 I've never read any books by Maggie Shayne before so I was unsure how I would feel about the book. I'm very happy I took the chance. If you like a series where you get to revisit the characters after their stories end you Will love this book. I can't wait to try book 2!
LITTLE OVER THE TOP FOR ME BUT STILL A WONDERFUL ADDITION TO THE SERIES I am a fan of this series, but this one started out headed for one direction and took a sharp left and wound up in Phoenix. I like this series immensely, but I can't say I saw this one coming. I thought is was good but a bit far fetched with the plot. I know the writer calls the shots as to where the story goes but I thought the logistic of this one was a little thin. I can't imagine that such a high government official and a personal friend of the President would that easily gotten to. The fact that he was a scum bag wife beater aside. I can't imagine that they could have extracted that much punishment/vigilantie justice and have made a clean getaway. That said, I still enjoyed every minute of it and I like that Jack and Nikki finally made peace and got themselves back together.
Mercy - Courage - Humanity: A Unique Portrayal Anyone that has an interest in the history of the United States and particularly in the Civil War should take the time to read this novel. It is an extraordinary first novel based on a true story of the Battle of Franklin, in Tennessee, five of the bloodiest hours of the Civil War in which there were 9,200 casualties. It is riveting, and engrossing reading. This novel shares the depths of humanity -the best and the worst- in a very moving and compelling way. The author's research is detailed in the "Author's Note", "Bibliography" and "With Gratitude" sections at the end of the novel. These sections are not to be missed or the reader will miss very important elements in the quality of presentation tucked between the covers of this book that is now preserved for generations to come. It uniquely describes the past strife of the Civil War, uniquely honors the courage of a soldier in battle, and the human spirit of 'ordinary' individuals that become extraordinary not due to any oratory display or written document in the midst of war but through the simple actions of humanity during their everyday lives that speak louder than any words spoken or written. The story touched my heart and I hope I will always remember the depth of emotions as I closed the back cover.
Keeps getting better! The ending caught me a bit off guard, but the book was amazing! I am definitely going to get the next book and would recommend you to try the rangers apprentice series too.
Page turning and stands up to second reading While I may not be the primary target demographic for Moon's works, I strongly recommend to any who like to root for the underdog, have an interest in space and space warfare in particular. Moon pioneered the space battles across light minutes and with FTL ships. All her characters are well developed and relate-able and in this work and the earlier Herris Serrano the majority serve as inspiration to young women (coming of age) to defy stereotype restrictions that society places on them. Perhaps I withheld five stars because, even after the crisis I think I would like a bit more story on Ky and Toby Vatta and SDF Just my 2
Trashy Romantic Vampire Novel Trashy Romantic Vampire Novel was well written. Caught and kept my attention. Had to read entire series even if predictable.
Five Stars AwesomeFive Stars Awesome
The Jury Review I love Fern Michaels books. This Sisterhood series is great. I REALLY LOVED the Kentucky and Vegas Series Better though.
Wonderful Moon writes well. Excellent characterization and a complex world explored in loving detail. Well worth the space on my Kindle. This is one of her best series.
I wanted to read this book because I saw the ... I wanted to read this book because I saw the television program based on it and found it quite compelling. The book provides a fuller treatment of the issues involved. It is well written and absorbing, although eventually the author ends up going over similar territory repeatedly so the later part of the book is less interesting. I find the author's basic idea,--that differences among parts of the world are due to natural features and geography rather than some innate characteristics the peoples who inhabit those areas--to be fruit for helpful discussions about why the world is the way it is.
Feminine strength Bees are just the motif, not what the story is about. This is a beautifully written coming-of-age story set in the American South in 1964, after President Johnson signed the Civil Right Act. So many other topics are dealt with, including abuse. Feminine strength is portrayed sometimes in lovely, other times inspiring, and even in humorous ways.
don't miss reading this if you love paranormal Maggie Shayne intertwines people in such a way it captivates you. I plowed through the stories! Great plots and action.
The Kill review The Kill is the third book in the Predator Trilogy romantic suspense series written by author Allison Brennan.Killing Fear review Killing Fear is the first suspense book in the Prison Break Trilogy written by Allison Brennan. Yet another excellent story from this author.Sudden Death review Sudden Death is the excellent and exciting first romantic suspense book in the F.B.I Trilogy series written by author Allison Brennan.See No Evil review See No Evil is the second book in the No Evil Trilogy written by author Allison Brennan. Great story but overuse of the word "gasped".
Note the tripytch-like structure around the protagonist Well, following other reviewers on Amazon who have proven the thoughtful equals of Banville's own intelligent fiction makes my own comments rather anti-climactic. I'm glad I hadn't read the summary or the comments before I opened Shroud--warning: major plot spoilers abound! Suffice it to say that David Lehman's "Signs of the Times" on the late 1980s Paul deMan revelations, while not receiving explicit credit in the author's notes, can shed light on the inspiration for Banville, much as the Blount spy episode does for The Untouchable, which pairs neatly with this novel as two portraits of unlikeable but captivating men that Banville sketches not with a righteous incrimination but a humanist compassion as he seems to report rather than construct their tales. No other comments have appeared on the triptych-like structure of the novel, so about this I will add a few words. The first part, the left-hand side of Banville's objet d'art, presents a smug, self-satisfied roue. I was thrown off, I admit, by the cleverly planted aside about the "Hebrew" neighbor who watches the scholar as he leaves Arcady, California--itself conveyed sharply and concisely in its summery smells and languid allure. It reminded me of Thomas Mann in Pacific Palisades in exile from the Nazis. Cass, at her entrance, appears annoyingly at his side, as if to whisper calumnies in his ear; at his other side I imagine the older Kristina Kovacs recriminating him with upraised finger and brow before an academic crowd--the whole rarified and curiously solipsistic atmosphere of a lit-crit conference amusingly captured, again by Banville, in only a couple of pages (it took David Lodge, no slouch himself, many novels to do the same--which I also highly recommend!). The scene of the woman run over in the street, which may appear on the margin of this segment, disturbed me greatly; it can be seen only more clearly in retrospect as foreshadowing, I suppose. This section's characteristic passage shows Banville's prose at its customary best: "Flakes of ash from his cigarette fell on her breast, tiny, warm, weightless kisses." (76) In the central frame, the protagonist turns victim. Here, the Graham Greene-landish nature of Querell in The Untouchable seems to color the prose; "I would like to be the protagonist of one of those third-rate, so-called philosophical novles that were so popular in the haunted postwar years, the man who takes on the identity of a sinner all unaware that the one he is impersonating was a saint all along." (150) While Banville avoids such a neat juxtaposition to his credit, this echo seems to issue from Greene's own fiction. This can best be seen in the miniature depictions: a mysterious train ride to and from Brussels, and the apparition of an ambiguous savior from the ruins of the protagonist's family home. The pace of this central action rouses itself from the torpor of the left-frame, part one. For the right-hand section, the action fades and after what for me was the climactic revelation around page 150, the remaining section is prepared for by: "The year and I are both declining; there is a chill in the air." (177) With part three, the last sixty pages present more of a diminishing presence of all of the main characters. This last section, however, in its deliberately blurred and less substantially rendered details, involved me less than it could have. Death in Turin rather than Venice, yes, but again this morbidity shrouds the last segment in shadows more than sun. I see here the momento mori, the aging and contorted figures, the skulls and the devils awaiting below the ledge. If the opening of the book recalls Beckett, the end summons up the aftermath of another revelation--Greta to Gabriel, from Joyce's "The Dead." For the protagonist of Banville's study, he is doomed to live on in a world of increasing gloom, descending while still alive into the Hades of his own making, and of what he has been made into by the ghosts of the last century. (P.S. See also my reviews of "Eclipse" and "Ancient Light." These overlap with Axel Vander, Cass, and her father Alex Cleave's story.)
PLEASE PUT IN PRINT!!!!!!!!!!!!! Print! Damnit, print! I don't have the money for a Kindle, I don't have my own computer with internet access, and this book has been 'out' (no pun intended) for ages! I want to read more than just a stupid excerpt, I want to read this book! I know it's more environmentally-friendly...for at least a decade or so...and better for the economy not to put so many books in print, to have them on a Kindle instead, but I NEED this book in print. Am I the only bookleech who thinks like this?
Excellent book!! This is an excellent book that explores the idea that we and the world around us are more intimately related/connected than we have previously thought. I enjoyed this mind-expanding read quite a bit. My favorite section is on the Creative Observer. It's a great book.
Keep it Coming Love at first sight is debatable but in Stone Cold Surrender it is believable. This time Stone Westmoreland makes the connection with his lady love, Madison Winters. Stone, like most of the Westmoreland men, likes his freedom and prefers being single to marriage. Well Stone learns first hand that it's not just a woman's prerogative to have a change of mind. Next!
Five Stars good writerFive Stars great
Grudges Great story about the old ways of eye for an eye. It was interesting to watch Judy grow in her confidence as an attorney. Like all the series.
Short and Sweet!! I really enjoyed this book--though it was short the writer, Nikita Black, told a full story. She explores the relationship between the American Indians and the White people who were coming west. She exposes their differences and similarities in a way that is unoffensive and she threw in a special romance just to make it fun. And the sex was not a bad thing in this book!!.
5 stars I chose this rating because of all of the details and the action. I would recommend this book to anyone who has read the first 3 and to any one who likes hunting. This is one of my favorite ones but the only thing I didn't like was Will lost his memory.
So worth it! This was the most complex and convoluted storyline of the three books in this series, and I almost lost interest, but I hung in there and I'm so glad I did. This turned out to be a very good book, but it does require a bit of patient whimsy on the part of the reader, at least in the beginning. Like the other two books in the series, Garwood sets up the tale by telling us the back story of the main character; in this case, Princess Gabrielle, a member of the now defunct royal family of a mythical country called Saint Biel. Given in marriage to a highland laird by King John, Gabrielle is in the highlands for her wedding. But the machinations of a couple of ruthless barons leaves Gabrielle in disgrace and at the mercy -- and under the protection of -- another highland laird. The hero is pretty stock, but what's great about this story is the personality of Gabrielle. She is not a weak or silly woman, but someone with excellent self esteem who faces adversity as it comes. She isn't overly maternal, or a healer, or any of the usual female traits that makeup a character of her type. She is unique in my experience, and this is so refreshing that I slowed my reading in order to savor it. It's fun to watch her manage the laird without confrontation. She constantly surprises him, and his reactions to her make him a more interesting character. Gabrielle is very original and likeable and I would love to see more female characters created in her image. Gabrielle also has a close relationship with her four St. Biel guards, who have been with her since childhood; they are great characters in their own right, and her interactions with them are fun to watch. All in all, a very entertaining read, maybe slightly more complicated than the first two books, but still very good. And it improves on repeated listening! Rosalyn Landor reads this -- need I say more?
Interesting premise I came to the book having read the first couple chapters on the author's web site. I had all settled in for a decent "sword and sorcery" piece, but my expectations were certainly subverted at the plot twist and genre change right about at the halfway point. The main character demonstrates no small amount of resourcefulness throughout, but what drew me most was the relationship she builds (and then has to rebuild) with her "sister". While I believe the cliffhanger this book ends on does set up nicely for the next one, I came away wanting a greater sense of closure. A TV series might have a season finale end on a cliffhanger, but I think of a novel series like this more like a movie with several sequels planned. Each movie with sequels I've enjoyed has given the audience something to look forward to in the next one but also gave some sense of closure of the story arc within. At the time of the closing scene of this book, I observed no reflection by any of the characters regarding great victories or triumphs or even deep insights or appreciations. There was some pretty heavy stuff laid on our heroine right at the end. I would have liked to have read more about how it impacted her emotionally at a guttural level, driving her to set forth anew at the start of the next book with a renewed sense of purpose (and an axe to grind!)
Top notch pulp Chandler is known for Marlowe. Rightly so, Philip Marlowe is one of the most iconic tough guy detectives from the 30s and 40s and has been played so many times in the movies and on TV that he is now part of our national memory. These short stories aren't Marlowe, they are still set in the seedy LA of the 30s but were written for the pulps. You'll find dark mysteries, motives and some occasional humor. If you are a fan of Chandler or of the noir detective searching in a rainy night this is for you.
Hmmm Hmmm, not everyone is going to see things or do things the same way. That's life. We all just have to deal with it in harmony.
classic thought There is a lot more here than what was put into practice by the Soviet Block. I'd rather not accept the general rejection of Communist thought without being informed personally. It should be read by anyone interested in political thought and influences. This thinking is pretty much rejected and without expression in the United States, but it is alive and well in most of the rest of the world, most especially in many European countries.
Love it Just a really good read I liked the explanation on how vampires came to be and it was more about the love story than supernatural politics with just enough tension
Well-deserving of the Pulitzer! After Junot Diaz's collection of short stories was released some years ago, the eyes of the literary world waited, with much anticipation, for the results of his first full-length attempt. By all accounts, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao did not disappoint and went on to win the 2008 Pulitzer Prize for long fiction. This story of a 300-lb, D&D loving, fantasy-adventure writing, Dominican nerdboy is funny, tragic, pitiful and sweet all at the same time. Told through the voices of those who know him best, it is a wonderfully fleshed-out account of a young man's life viewed from the many different angles and points that give us all our form, and never is it clearer than when driving home the point that no one of us is an island, and that no matter how we fight it, we are to some extent - more than most of us would probably like - products of our heritage, our upbringing, and the actions and words of those who love us - and, just as significantly or perhaps even more so, those who don't. This book is all straight talk - nothing flowery here. At times vulgar and crass, even a little shocking, it might make your eyes widen a few times, but at least it's with feeling. I particularly enjoyed the viewpoint given by Lola, Oscar's sister, as she rages with her dying mother, who is no less a controlling tyrant even when facing death. If I were to express one wish to Mr. Diaz, it would be to write a companion novel just about Lola. I don't think I've ever before read a novel where the subject matter varies so widely and vividly, from Oscar's obsession with the fantasy genre to the brutal reign of Rafael Trujillo, the former president of the Dominican Republic. You might wonder how on earth these two subjects could meet in one book, but they do, and in a way that makes you see how inseparable they really are. The past figures so prevalently in the present - and the future, one presumes - that it can't be ignored or glossed over. Many, like me, have puzzled over the name. Oscar Wao? Is he Asian? I thought he was Dominican? Does he have an Asian father? Well, that question too is answered about halfway through, and like every other circumstance surrounding Oscar's life, it's both funny and a little sad, and not even close to what you probably think it is! A good and thought-provoking read, in my opinion. Oscar is a character sure to stay with you for awhile.
Five Stars Good for academic reviewingFive Stars Good Catholic version.Five Stars good clear writing by a leader dedicated to serving God
Another one by Allison Brennan Allison Brennan is a terrific writer. She never fails to deliver in her romance/ mysteries. She is very proflic, but leaves you wanting more at the end of each book. Her books are not blood and guts gory, but give you enough detail to make sense of the story line.
Excellent I enjoyed this book very much. I try to spread out my reading to keep a wide variety following. This book was just what I was looking for. I liked the balance, the development of the characters and the over all pictures created. I share my reviews with two book clubs, one in New York and the other here in Aspen. I love to share reviews of book as it is so positive and I get great tips. This book will be an added showcase. I try my best to give either a positive review or nothing at all, negative review are worthless to me and those in our book clubs, we look for the positive. This book was just what I was looking for, not too much of anything, fun where it should have been and no so where it needed to be serious. Great job. Other book I recommend are:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Boy-He-Loved-Obsession-Into-Darkness-Gay-Suspense/dp/B003B655SC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Boy He Loved - Obsession Into Darkness (Gay Suspense)</a>&nbsp;this was a real read, I loved it,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/I-ve-Always-Known-Child-Abuse/dp/B001TK41U0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">I've Always Known (Child Abuse)</a>&nbsp;I cried when reading this true story,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/From-Boys-to-Men-Gay-Classic/dp/B002JIOA1Q/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">From Boys to Men (Gay Classic)</a>, this was a hot one,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Reflections-In-The-Looking-Glass-A-Murder-Mystery-That-Will-Surprise-you-Gay-Murder-Mystery/dp/B002RL9PVA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Reflections In The Looking Glass - A Murder Mystery That Will Surprise you (Gay Murder Mystery)</a>,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ride-Em-Cowboy-Gay-Cowboy/dp/B0024NLGFO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ride 'Em Cowboy (Gay Cowboy)</a>,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Lady-In-White-Gay-Romance/dp/B0031ER10O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lady In White (Gay Romance)</a>and if your looking for hot stuff, you may want to try out&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sinbad-The-Balloon-Kingdom-Gay-Sailor/dp/B002IVU0RW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sinbad - The Balloon Kingdom (Gay Sailor)</a>.
Laughter is Great Medicine If you're struggling with mild depression or just singing the blues, this book will lift you up. It's awesome! It holds out hope for anyone going through a rough patch. Made me laugh...a lot!
Four Stars Very informative
Happily lost in space! This review is for the whole five book series. I just finished reading it for the second time and I absolutely love it. Moon's characters and the plot and subplots are wonderfully nuanced and engaging. The hero is young and competent but not without flaws and she is supported by characters diverse and complicated. It is amazing that we can easily accept FTL travel and ansibles and humods and how it all fits together. I wish Moon would get back to writing space fantasies again!
This Book Changed My Life... Literally! I've been following the eating plan outlined in this book for 2 months now- and I'm down 18 pounds! I lost SIX pounds in the first week, and I've lost roughly 2 pounds each week since then. I still have about 20 pounds to go until I'm at my goal weight- but I haven't been this close in YEARS. I was diagnosed with PCOS when I was 16, and started struggling with my weight around the same time. I was never obese, but I was always overweight, even though I was active. Over the years, I've tried EVERYTHING. For 4 months earlier this year, I did a vegan diet, and stuck to a 1,600 calorie diet. I did "Biggest Loser Weight Loss Yoga" 6 days a week, and I walked 3 days a week. In those 4 months, I GAINED ten pounds. I was working my BUTT off- but my butt was getting bigger. ;) I did this "diet"- the Insulin Resistance diet- and I've NEVER felt better. I have energy to spare! I have the motivation to walk- and I walk 6-10 hours a week. People who I know can't believe how different I look- they tell me all the time. But the most important difference to me is the way I FEEL. If I "fall off the wagon", I get cramps and bloating- it's not worth it to eat junk anymore. I don't have cravings for junk anymore- the cravings I used to have to FIGHT. They're gone! This book literally changed my life, and I am SOOOO grateful "Dr. Google" found it for me!!! *Update 1/2013: I have flipped and flopped on this diet. Here's my long-term take on this diet. It *DOES* work for people with insulin resistance. Here's my caveat: You have to watch which carbs you're eating. I can watch calories, pair my proteins with my carbs, and still not lose weight. I essentially have to cut out the sugars and grains if I want to lose weight that stays off. I still eat some rice, beans, potatoes- and I eat them in 1/2 cup servings. I pair them with vegetables and protein. And with that, I lose weight. If I do as this book suggests and eat sugar in the recommended quantities? Yeah, no. I don't lose weight. I still stand by this being a great diet option for people who need to follow a low-carb diet. I just suggest you really watch your carbs mindfully. I promise that when you cut out the sugar and grains, you no longer crave them! Try reading Wheat Belly- it really helped me. :)
I liked the story except there wasn't any Chemistry between Lissianna ... I liked the story except there wasn't any Chemistry between Lissianna and Greg. They weren't even sure they were life mates. Where was the Shared Dreams, the shared pleasure or the need to be together and not be apart from one another? Also there was no shedding of the impurities with the change. I was wondering the whole book if it was going to be a turn given up for the wrong person. I was confused on her sharing her pleasure with others she had bitten, not the mind control to make them not realize the pain but she was sharing the pleasure she was getting out of it? It was like they weren't truly lifemates but did fall in love but without the complete sharing of themselves with each other. I have fell in love with this series and own all the hardbacks, and look forward to more in the series I just finished rereading the entire collection up to 24. I would love to see this story rewritten to add the stuf that goes with the other stories that let you see the life mate as a true combining of the souls With all the shared dreams etc...
Just another electronic book Books give us something to do besides growing roots from our butts from watching too much TV. Read more books.
The Ritual Bath Liked the way the characters were developed. Enjoyed the progression of the story. Couldn't believe I had finished the book.....wanted more.
An Intresting Point of View This novel has an interesting point of view for a villain of the Star Wars genre. Although you know the background of this villain, you are drawn into understanding why this man does what he does. A very enjoyable book indeed.
And the romance begins In this first of the Peter Decker/Rina Lazarus novels, Decker is called to investigate a rape at a Jewish enclave. Since Rina is the one who makes the call, they meet. As in every Decker/Lazarus novel I've read, I've found that Kellerman does a great job of educating about Jewish custom without slowing down the plot at all. I find the insight into a culture I'm not familiar with to be one of the series' greatest attractions. The characters are wonderfully written and act in ways that seem real. This first installment as Decker and Rina try to work out their relationship is real enough that you hurt for them. I heartily recommend.
Five Stars Erotic story!!!!!
Excellent Erotic Futuristic Trio! Evangeline Anderson uses her excellent creative imagination in three well-written erotic paranormal novellas full of sensual pleasure. The Girl, The Geek and the Time Machine is one of those stories that proves the saying "You can't judge a book by its cover" is true, when Dr. Ethan Robinson uses his time machine to help co-worker Kara at Smthye Labs, go back and restart a horribly bad day in her busy, hectic life. Kara, beautiful and always trying to please, especially her fiance Brad, has tried everything, including Holistic Healing Therapy to make herself perfect for Brad. When Ethan and Kara enter his time machine, without their clothes, they come to realize their attraction is more than physical. This was one of those enjoyable stories that had me thinking of the country song Somebody...somebody in the next car, somebody on the next train, somebody in the coffee shop you walk by everyday, somebody you look at but never really see...somewhere out there...is somebody. And in this story...out there somewhere in that time machine Kara finds somebody! In Mirror of the Heart, Taylor Reeves meets the handsome and sexy futuristic cop Reese, when she is transported into the future and cloned to be a high priced courtesan in a futuristic agency that specializes in secondary clones. There is mystery and intrigue, from the beginning in present day Tampa to way into the late two thousands. Reese stuggles with his need for justice and vengeance against his enemies who just happen to be those who run this cloning agency and his deep desire that is growing for Taylor. How can he avoid wanting her, pleasuring her to keep her out of danger, at the same time not feeling as if he is using her as the agency plans, while also desiring a future with her? This sensual story is face paced and keeps the reader riveted to the pages. In the hot and steamy Wild-Men and Wormholes, the beautiful futuristic archelogist, anthopologist and scientist, Ariel Stone-Tarrington travels through space to find unknown cultures, only to come across the handsome and sexy Kor. Lust turns to love. Will Ariel be able to save Kor and his people from her colleagues and becoming some scientific experiment in order to save their love? Readers who enjoy the futuristic, time-travel paranormals will love this book! All three novellas are intelligent, hot, steamy sexy! Evangeline Anderson has a superb immagination to fit the bill and fans will be looking forward to more and more futuristic paranormal romances with the added pleasure of erotica for that little extra spice!
One of the most important works in Western thought Note to reader: this review is written for all the editions of this book; and not just this version. The 1800s provided many great works of political thought; few of which can compare in importance as this short tract by Karl Marx. Along with Das Kapital, this was one of the first major works in human history to link economics with sociology and political institutions, this text has done for economic liberty and equality what the US Constitution and Declaration of Independence has done for political liberty and equality. Written by Marx as part propaganda to invoke change, and part retribution to his enemies; intellectual and otherwise, this book has inspired political movements ever since. In short, the book argues for equality, security, and freedom in the economic realm. Specifically, Marx lays out a series of planks, or reforms, that he believes societies should undertake to solve the problems of laissez-faire capitalism. These include the abolition of child labor, public funding of a universal social security program, a minimum wage, progressive taxation, free public education for all children irregardless of heritage, employee-financed disability benefits, universal health care, etc... If one looks thru at the ensuing 150 years since its initial publication; those nations that have seen the highest raises in standards of living are those that have implemented the majority of these reforms. These nations include Singapore, Canada, post-WWII Japan, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, New Zealand, and the USA. If one looks within nations, such as the USA for example, those states with the higher standards of living generally have adopted more of these reforms at an ealier date than those states with a lower standard of living. I measure standard of living by criteria such as life expectancy, infant mortality rate, crime rates, rates of incarceration, etc... Critical throughout all these nations is the enfranchisement of a greater percentage of the population in both economic and political rights. Democracy and equality are the keys here, whether it be in local elections, stockholder meetings, or decision making inside corporations. Democracy and equality are what Marx argued for in this work, though he does so in a language we in the 21st century find hard to decipher. Likewise, those nations that have witnessed the worst standards of living are those that have mostly ignored the ideas in this book. Maoist China and the USSR under Stalin are the two ideal examples. Contrary to the popular view of conservatives and mainstream thought, neither of these countries examplified communism. Both examplified one thing and one thing only; dictatorships of a few over the many. In both countries, it is the few who control the resources, make the decisions, and make the profits. The rest of the population sacrifice and work. Both Maoist China and the USSR are essentially aristocracies. Overall, I highly recommend this book. Read it slowly and read it carefully; then look at the history of the world since then. You will quickly realize that the reforms it advocates are those that have improved living standards everywhere.
action packed Clean, full of heroism, adventure and realism. You do not have to suspend disbelief much, except for the overly modern morality and equality between characters of different class or gender. But, that's not a bad thing. The descriptions of weapons and battle tactics are borrowed from history, which lends to the authenticity. The unveiled resemblance of people groups such as the Skandians to Vikings may have been a bit too much. More originality there would have done the author well. So far, book 4 is the best of the series.
Good novel of coming of age as a Dominican in New York. Good, but not "best book ever written" good. Wonderful story of three generations of a family with roots in the Dominican Republic, New York, and now New Jersey. Excellent balance between comedy and tragedy, which is really hard for a writer to achieve. Interesting use of multiple perspectives, and shifting time frames--mostly (but not entirely) signaled by chapter headings. While I enjoyed reading it, this is one of those over hyped books. It has been on my shelf for a while waiting to be read. When three different people who I respect told me I had to read it because it was one of the best books ever, I popped it to the top of my reading pile. Good: yes. Best red, life changing, etc: No. I highly recommend it as a good story, well to.d. But don't expect it to change your life.Literary, readable, and profound--what's not to like Enright explores the inner life of a family, through the eyes of a self-confessed unreliable narrator. Enright mixes together the fallacy of memories in general, the particular fallibility of childhood memories, the malleability of the past, and the license a novelist has to create a "memory" for her characters. Enright's narrator (Veronica)is a middle-class Irish married woman with two children, a dozen siblings (each damaged in his or her own way), a mother who suffered a nervous breakdown during Veronica's childhood--and never quite recovered, and suffers from typical middle-age, middle-class angst. Enright adds hints of sexual abuse, and sets the entire story at a defining moment in Veronica's life--the suicide by drowning of her favorite brother, which in turn leads to a crisis in her own marriage. In her attempt to discover the truth about her own life--she has discovered that she is living her life in "inverted commas, as in going "home" to her "loving" husband, and having "sex"--she searches her memory, family lore, half remembered scenes from her childhood, and buried memories of her brother's sexual abuse at the hands of a family friend--and hints of repressed memories of her own abuse by that same friend. Enright succeeds in weaving together these multiple strands into a thoroughly readable story. That is not to say this is an easy read--Enright jumps in and out of the present without warning, and Veronica is at times apparently reliable, only to end up confessing that none of what she just described happened--or at least it probably didn't, or in any event, she has no idea if it did or not, but thinks it should have. But isn't that the way the mind really works--seamlessly weaving past, present and predicted future into what we call reality. Isn't that the basis of the Holy Trinity--via St. Augustine--only the present is real--the past is only a memory and thus exists only in your mind, and the future hasn't happened yet. However, you can slice time so finely, that the present moment is infinitesimally short...and thus really doesn't exist either. Yet we are undoubtedly real. Similarly, while Enright's Veronica may not be sure what happened in the past, has only the vaguest grasp of what is going to come in the future, and is somewhat hazy on the here and now--the portrait which emerges is a very convincing one of a real family. Highly recommended.
The Jury It was enjoyable to see how Nikki backed her boyfriend Jack into becoming an aid for the sisterhood. Because Jack and Nikki's love for each other is so strong there is no way that Jack can ignore any of Nikki's requests. Though he is determined to expose the sisterhood working against Nikki is a losing battle. Enjoyed this book too.
Washington Post ... All the news thats fit. Cool, forgot I had this until the request to rate it came in ... this makes mine an unreliable rating ... doubt that will change the rotation of the planet enough to measure.
Great book and series Got hooked on this series by a friend and had to read them all. This one did not disappoint and was awesome.Great book and series Got hooked on this series by a friend and had to read them all. This one did not disappoint and was awesome.
Fantastic True Story I read this in paperback 9 or 10 years ago and could not put it down. Had it been fiction, it would have been an incredible story. Since it is however, a true story, is what made it so fascinating to me. This young man was able to outwit professionals in banks, hospitals, airlines, hotels, you name it. As well there is a very passionate and heartbreaking story within. The troubles he had at home. His promiscuity, and yet love for a woman who did not know who he really was; and how that hurt him. There is also a story long cat and mouse game between a man in law enforcement, and Frank (the young man), and an actual relationship, a bizarre and caring one between them. I have since seen the movie and enjoyed it much, yet the book is even more incredible. SRW
Not Surprising Now a Movie I read this book before I heard a movie was coming out. I am not surprised Hollywood embraced it - I am surprised it took so long (he author is no slouch at self-promotion). The book read like a bad movie in the sense that I had to constantly remind myself that it was non-fiction. The story is captivating. A nervy, overly mature teen fakes his way into Pan Am cockpits to get free rides and fake paychecks. He scams everyone from a French printer, to judges to patients and other doctors in a hospital. His exploits were amazing and humorous - hubris such as his has to be humorous. The story line (I'm not sure an autobiography can have such a thing, but this one seems to) is terrifically entertaining. The only thing that holds it back from a five star rating is the writing was merely adequate. I don't know how the movie will be, but I definitely enjoyed the book. Read it to be amazed.Promising Start After a very promising start in which the Battle of Franklin was described and the characters introduced, this first novel went downhill. This is the story of how a Confederate graveyard came to be on the plantation grounds of Crofton in the Town of Franklin after the brutal battle there. According to the historical note at the end of the book (which is very interesting) the novel is based upon the true story of "Miss Carrie", the dame of the plantation whose home is taken as a hospital for the battle and her subsequent efforts to protect the buried of bodies of the Confederate dead buried on the battlefield immediately after the bloodbath. The initial scenes of the house as a hospital, Carrie's work and the interest taken in her by one of the wounded Arkansans is eerily similar to the plot of Bahr's "The Black Flower". At this point the book is still good and the characters, who tell their stories in brief chapters are still interesting. Within days of the battle and the amputation of the Arkansan's leg, the plot falls off. There is what, I guess, could be called a love story that developes between Carrie and the soldier. The chapters get longer as if the author was not quite sure where to take the yarn as opposed to the earlier short crisp narratives. Once the soldier leaves there are some descriptions of his life that are totally irrelevant and add nothing to the novel. He returns to Franklin, and there is not much to his return either. I got the impression that the author knew the history of: a) Carrie's work in the hospital, then b) securing the bodies from the battlefield for her cemetery and last, c) running the cemetery. However, he floundered getting from point a) to point b) so he manufactured this infatuation or love story. It never seemed to have a point, meandered tediously and, ironically, it seemed to make the characters less sympathetic than they were before. Carrie's husband was left out in left field throughout. His character never to made any sense. Two slaves who became free could have been wonderful cast members but were never developed. The book was effective in relating the brutality of the Battle of Franklin and its aftermath. The author was correct in his historical note that the story of Carrie, her manse and the graveyard are interesting. However, the love story did not enhance the telling. The Black Flower is a far better depiction of the Battle of Franklin and its hospital. And, without a note, it apparently included a character based upon Carrie. Bahr's "Year of Jubilo" is a better depiction of Franklin after the war.
Five Stars love these
Feels like friends! In a nutshell, Susan Wiggs has done it again! I have always enjoyed series and having them bundled into one book was a convenient, time-saving enterprise. All three books were superb, life-like stories with a bit of history thrown in. Highly recommended companions to snuggle next to a warm fire...
... but can't quite put their finger on why it sucks so bad and pays so well This is a must read for anyone who digs capitalism but can't quite put their finger on why it sucks so bad and pays so well. Oh yeah, and be sure to tell your boss you just read it and you'd like a raise based on the equity of labor sharing and labor mark up.
Enjoyed I confess that I had read these before, many years ago. I got a special offer for the Kindle version of all six books at one time and decided it might be nice to revisit. And it was. So much so that at the end of the last one I immediately (at 1:00 AM) popped on site and ordered the next six delivered to my Kindle for uninterrupted reading. I recommend these if you like a good storyline. There are Vampires and other aspects of the supernatural as well as political aspects, romance and some violence; albeit of the non horrific type. Read these anytime, daytime or night time. You won't loose sleep you will gain a desire for the dark.
Lynsay Sands is a wonderful writer I love the Argeneau family! Lindsay Sands does a wonderful job of writing about them. I easily get caught up in the funny problems of a vampire's life. And the finding of a 100 year-old or older perfect love!
Hawke: Ride With The Devil A man named Hawke rambles into Salcedo looking for a drink, bath, and maybe a job playing the piano in the saloon. Before the civil war, Hawke was a pianist playing the piano around the world. Since the end of the war, he didn't stay anywhere long, but in Salcedo, he ran into an old acquantance. An unusual Western.
Excellent! Simply excellent! Before this book, I had never read an Elisabeth Moon novel. I got so engrossed in this novel. Loved the story line and characters and can't wait to see what happens next to Captain Kylara Vatta and Crew. It was a little thin, but I'm hoping there will be more pages worth in the next book of this series. I give "Two Thumps-up"! Well done! Bring on more of Kylara Vatta, her ship, and her crew!
Really enjoy Faye Kellerman books I really enjoy the books by Faye Kellerman. I've purchased several and not been disappointed The stories are interesting, the characters are solid.
WELL MET, OLD FRIENDS, WELL MET!!!!!!!! Book four of this famous series of YA Fantasy books is a solid and highly entertaining adventure yarn for the young and old book lover alike. Book three ended with the escape and apparent liberation of Will and Evanlyn from a life of drugs and slavery, respectively, and it is not long into this fine adventure story (book four) when they are finally blessed with some much needed personal success by reacquainting themselves with old friends. And a highly emotional scene that is guaranteed to be for all concerned. But the story does end there, not by a long shot. It turns out that those highly trained, highly skilled and highly ambitious Skandians from the northern region of the land have set their eyes on world domination, and it is not long before Halt can see the wood for the trees and rushes to convince everyone around him who will listen, that even the sweet, innocent, little land of Araluen is in danger of a foreign and very physical takeover. And so plans are made, and metaphorical lines have been drawn in the metaphorical sand. Everyone has their thinking caps on, and that includes Halt (of course) and Will, Horace, and even the Princess in disguise when she is given the opportunity. New friendships are forged between parties that have been enemies for generations that will have long lasting reverberations both in the books universe and the one we happen to find ourselves in. The story is structured beautifully. Chapters of action, and heroics and high emotion are followed by less stressful moments and yet are equally enjoyable, but of course, these are followed by the more action packed chapters again. And the quiet moments are littered with text that turn out to possess significant pieces of information. And don't even get me started on the cliffhangers that are spread throughout the story like grains of salt scattered over a gloriously prepared hot roast lunch. Chapter one is a prime example. It ends in a cliff hanger of immensely enjoyable proportions, and yet the story goes on its own merry way in chapter two with a nearly hysterical sequence of scenes featuring Halt and Horace as they suffer from a prime set of miscommunications. The writing is not exactly world shatteringly beautiful. How can it be when Rangers Apprentice is written primarily for younger folk. But there are some fine words and phrases that can be taken to heart, such as the text that can be located at KL 1494. I won't quote it here, as something that is meaningful to me may not resonate so strongly with a fellow bookworm. And so this book gets four stars. I am just passed the half way mark, and if the ending is as good as I expect - this _is_ John Flanagan here, folks - I will let you know. BFN Greggorio!YOUR EYES WILL BE FROZEN TO YOUR KINDLE SCREEN!!!!!!! The third volume of this immensely popular fantasy series for the younger (and, umm, slightly older) reader is as much fun, as much action, as much excitement and drama as the preceding two volumes combined. Given the epic, brilliant, overwhelming cliff hanger type nature of the ending to book two, however, ICEBOUND LAND opens up in a way that, it must be said, is relatively timid. Sure, Halt and Co are all worried sick about the plight and welfare of Will and young Evanlyn as they are hijacked by some of the storys baddies, and led (presumably) into a life of depraved, mind bending and back breaking slavery, but the two young characters in question are not showing all that much physical or emotional hardship over the matter. At least, not yet, anyway. At least Ranger Halt is desperate (and brave) enough to use the laws of his Kingdom to force it to his will as he seeks a way to go after his young ward and apprentice and bring him (and his partner) back home to safety. There has been no further sign of evil in the side of the destroyed Morgarath - but that does not mean another young usurper to his crown won't stand up and take control of all things twisted and evil in their own doomed attempt to run the world. Nor has there been any more major (bad) characters for the reader to dislike intensely. Margaroth was brilliantly drawn and represented in the first two books, and in some respects it is a shame that he was killed off so early. He was evil, but at least he was fun to read about, and fun to hate. Naturally readers everywhere hope to see the day that Will and Evanlyn find their freedom and return to loved ones back home. That may well happen by the end of this book - but even if it does, the eternal battle against the forces of evil goes on, and on, and on. And that is a good thing, it must be said. Mr Flanagan bas crafted a fantasy tale so deep, so enriching, so fulfilling and so much fun to immerse yourself in, that you simply don't want it to stop. Another flaw I can think of is the lack of magic in the story. No wizards, no witches, no warlocks have dared to show their face on centre stage of this compelling set of adventures. But that is not to say they wont. I for one hope that it is not too long before magic becomes a character in the story in its own right. But until it does, sharing the journey with the fine, impeccable, innocent, true, honest characters that John Flanagan has gifted the world with so far, will do me just fine. Four stars for this beauty. BFN Greggorio!
Kindle edition has table of contents There is a linked table of contents in the Kindle edition. For some reason you can't get to it in the usual Kindle way, but it's close enough to the front of the book that you can't miss it (though right after you download the ebook you're on a page just BEYOND the table of contents). There are also blank "pages" after each item, which is confusing. Other than that, this is a good edition, and seems typo free. Chandler's estate is getting money; God's in his heaven; all's right with the world. Once in a while you do wish Amazon was a little less slapdash, and looked over ebook publishers' shoulders a little bit more. So far the Tom Corbett series, complete with illustrations, is the most lovingly presented ebook I've seen, better than this Chandler and far better than the Oxford Complete Shakespeare. Also the business of mixing the Kindle reviews with other reviews is confusing. This collection of short stories leads off with one essay, Chandler's most famous, "The Simple Art of Murder." That's the one where he badmouths all traditional Golden Age detective stories, and dissects A. A. Milne's THE RED HOUSE MYSTERY in about three closely reasoned pages. He also has a famous passage on the merits of Dashiell Hammett, which ends with Chandler's famous "Down these mean streets" paragraph on the ideal detective hero. Them as wants to can download THE RED HOUSE MYSTERY from Kindle for free and see how right or wrong Chandler is. None of Chandler's detective short stories except for the very late "The Pencil," featured Philip Marlowe, the hero of all Chandler's books. Chandler effectively stopped writing short stories (again, except for "The Pencil") after his first novel, THE BIG SLEEP, in 1939. Some of his later short stories resembled the novels to come, and their heroes were sometimes renamed Philip Marlowe in later reprintings, for example in THE BEST AMERICAN MYSTERY STORIES OF THE TWENTIETH CENTURY's version of "Red Wind." The stories in THE SIMPLE ART OF MURDER, though, are earlier stories, and some of their detectives have characters that would not let them be easily renamed after Marlowe. For example the hero of "Spanish Blood," the first story in this collection, is Hispanic, and that is important to the plot. Chandler looked on his short stories as apprentice work, but some of these early stories have a kind of power that, though cruder, is also different from the power that appears in the novels. Their detectives are less wittily aloof from the crimes they get involved in, and their lives seem a little dirtier in general. Considering what Marlowe himself goes through, that says quite a bit. Contents of Kindle edition: the essay discussed above, plus eight short stories: Spanish Blood, I'll Be Waiting, The King in Yellow, Pearls Are a Nuisance, Pickup on Noon Street, Smart-Aleck Kill, Guns at Cyrano's, and Nevada Gas.
Suspenseful and Refreshing Someone is attackIng Orthodox Jewish women at the site of their most intimate religious practice. Faye Kellerman spins a suspenseful tale that teaches as well as entertains in this first of a best-selling mystery series. The complexity of relationships within a yeshiva community and with the outer world is gently illuminated here, at the same time a story of violence against women and their endurance, courage, and initiative are celebrated. This book and the series are one of the most helpful resources I've found for getting past stereotypes about religion in general and conservative women practitioners of religion in particular. Besides, you won't want to put the book down.
Mark Levin is a brilliant man Well written and I agree with the facts presented.
Five Stars Ryder, ex-convict and drug addict, is found innocent of his crime. His family have taken to his estate and married him off while in prison. Jessie, trying to survive in this home with madmen and a strange husband, does wonderfully under such strange conditions. Despite the odd romance these two have a true burning for each other. Sex is off the charts and burns through the words. Barrett writes bad boys and she does it well with naughty and arrogant being their best qualities. Jessie is strong minded and seems an equal match to his witty smarts and sex drive. Exciting, romantic and a bit suspenseful this was quite enjoyable. My copy was given for an honest review.
Are you ready to find the answers? Why are women still underpaid? Does self-esteem and earning six-figures go hand-in-hand? Do women place financial limits on themselves? With insight and practical real-world guidance Barbara Stanny helps us discover our inner six-figure woman. Are you ready to find the answers? My copy of Secrets of Six-Figure Women is dog-eared, underlined, written in the margins and covered with sticky notes. I've used it in the question and answer portion of my seminars and have recommended it as a group read for leaders. Let me ask you: Are you earning and saving for the lifestyle you want to be consistently living and enjoying? I believe one of the most important exercises in this book is the value-clarification exercise. I've learned from my own personal experiences that I will not succeed at anything that goes against my true core values. Your values fuel your motivation to succeed and earn. It's well worth taking the time to work and study the results of this activity. Do you think that living the lifestyle of your choice, making the money you deserve and enjoying life is based on something deeper than just making money? Isn't it really about feeling worthy and deserving of making six figures? Isn't it about making money while nurturing healthy self-esteem? Earning six-figures has nothing to do with age, education or luck. It does have everything to do with your desire to live a healthy, happy and financially satisfying life. Are you ready to earn your six-figure (and even seven-figure) income? Are you ready to stop underearning and to begin living up to your full earning potential? I highly recommend Secrets of Six-Figure Women. I've personally seen it become a life changing eye opener for women who are tired of surviving and are ready to begin thriving in their financial life.
Lori foster bundle Loved this book and the series. The author is great all of the books I've read have yet to disappoint me
Great light reading. Vaughan writes descriptively and dramatically. Hawke is a multifaceted hero and he always has a plethora of villains to deal with and leaves friends wherever he travels (along with dead enemies). Interesting story line in each of the series installments.
Another great story from Faye I have read many books of this series but, to my surprise, apparently not the one in which Decker and Lazarus first meet. The Ritual Bath was both a good mystery story and very informative about aspects of the Jewish faith and life. I followed a red herring or two, jumped to at least one incorrect conclusion, and thoroughly enjoyed this book. You probably will too.
Last diet, very good I have most of the symptoms of insulin resistance and was told by my doctor when in my teens that I had metabolic disorder but not anything I could do about it. I have started the link and balance and feel better, feel confident that i can do this. Thanks for the. Book.
A more global perspective on the news Since being offered on the Kindle, I've purchased one or two issues of the International Herald Tribune. It's a good paper, with a broad international perspective. Just be aware that it's mainly a compilation newspaper that pulls its stories and features from the world's prominent newspapers and news sources, including many you may already subscribe to on your Kindle. But if you don't already get items like the New York Times Latest News blog and some of the dollar-a-month wire service news blogs (or won't mind the slight redundancy in articles if you do), go for it. Like the handful of other Kindle newspapers I've experienced, the Kindle edition of the International Herald Tribune is laid out well, is easy to navigate, and features a generous allotment of photographs. I'd be tempted to buy it more often, or maybe even subscribe, if the subscription and/or single-issue price was just a bit lower. But, of course, that won't be an issue with everyone. Note: Amazon frequently updates the presentation and functionality of Kindle blogs and periodicals, so as this review gets older, it may no longer accurately describe the current version of this product.The right has Drudge... the rest of us have Huff "The Huffington Post" on the Kindle is a fun, useful blog that nicely duplicates the content of the same-titled Web site. You get analysis, commentary, rants, and insights on the world of politics and daily life (emphasis on the former), all with a decidedly left-of-center bent. That's an important point to make. While not blindly partisian, you probably won't enjoy the content of this blog unless your political sensibilities run more towards pulling the "D" lever in the voting booth. Me, I like the blog just fine, finding comfort in immersing myself in the views of (more often than not) like-minded individuals several times a day. "The Huffington Post" is stingy on photos (in fact, I can't say that I've seen the Kindle version use any photos at all, unlike its photo-heavy Web counterpart) but it does update several times a day with new articles. C'mon, take the plunge... this blog is especially entertaining and engaging as we approach a presidential election and Congress is running around in panic as Wall Street collapses. But I'm guessing I'll still keep it around even after our guy wins and the markets right themselves one way or another. Note: Amazon frequently updates the presentation and functionality of Kindle blogs and periodicals, so as this review gets older, it may no longer accurately describe the current version of this product.I can see why this is a big seller on the Kindle A great addition to the Kindle; I can't imagine anyone cancelling "New York Times Latest News" after giving it a try. Stories are varied, in depth, well written, and update several times a day, allowing subscribers to track the latest developments in the big news stories during any given period. The presentation of the articles on the Kindle is clean, organized, and pleasing to the eye; and most articles contain a photograph, which look just fine on the Kindle, too. New articles arrive, old ones drop off, no muss, no fuss. If I'm constantly using this blog now (and I am), I can't imagine how helpful this subscription will be this summer during trips to the shore and mountains when I'll be away from televisions and computers. With all the benefits and the economical price, "New York Times Latest News" was an easy buying decision for me, and you'll likely find it to be so, too. Note: Amazon frequently updates the presentation and functionality of Kindle blogs and periodicals, so as this review gets older, it may no longer accurately describe the current version of this product.Useful, fun, and free... what's not to like? Can't imagine any Kindle owner not signing on for this freebie info source. You get light, fast news items, quickie feature pieces, meaty author interviews, and goofy pictures of lava lamps and trendy adult beverages. Fun stuff all. Even the rhapsodic essays about failed, discontinued automobiles like the Gremlin and the Pacer (inexplicably, a regular feature) are growing on me. Even if you bought your Kindle just to read e-books and not get news and features (not me... I like everything the Kindle offers), sign up for this free blog generously offered by the Amazon powers-that-be. At the very least, you'll enjoy the many book suggestions "Amazon Daily" will send your way. Note: Amazon frequently updates the presentation and functionality of Kindle blogs and periodicals, so as this review gets older, it may no longer accurately describe the current version of this product.
Steamy Historical Fiction If you love Steamy Hot Historical Romance this book is for you. Ryder is in jail for something he didn't do, but when he gets out, he learns the real reason why he has been suffering in the jail for years. Little does he know that a family member was behind everything. Jessie was married to falsely because her stepfather tricked her. Together these two find each other in way that you would think is unlikely. Can Ryder believe the that Jessie is really telling him the truth? Will they ever find love? Ryder has to straighten himself up and overcome the drug that was forced on him while in jail to truly see what he needs to do in his life. Will this drug break him completely or can he fight his way from the addiction? This book has so much going on that you will want to read it from the beginning to the end.
The Battle for Scandal: Book Four It is difficult to give a complete review of this book without having had the opportunity to read the first three books in the series; however,I thoroughly enjoyed book four. I would recommend it to a wide variety of readers.
my e- collection I was hoping to find this one in book form. The story looks like it will be good when I get that far in the series.my collection I love the stories with Chewie in them! this e-book is no exception. great character introductions and wonderful story line.my collection I haven't gotten time to read this one yet. I intend to read it soon though. Looks like a good book.
Five Stars Enjoyed
Very good stories. Very good stories. Four stories. Great characters. Great story lines. Cruise gives you light reading, if that's your style. Enjoy.
I am reading this book twice a day I am reading this book twice a day and it has totally transformed my mindset! This book is necessary for spiritual and personal growth. I am so glad I invested in myself and made the purchase! A must read for everyone!
Love Sawyer and Morgan..Jordan and Gabe ..ok This bundle brings all the brothers together in this sexy as hell box set. The Buckhorn men as so damn sexy, sweet (yes even Morgan) you'll fall for them in a minute. As always Lori Foster has a great series, read this one a few times. Sawyer my favorite ( sexy as hell doctor) but Morgan although tough as nails ( or thinks he is) is lovable too. Love the closeness of family with all brothers and of course Sawyers son Casey! Who wouldn't love a house full of men (haha). Both Sawyer and Morgan love being single but know with their hometown reputations their not aloud to cut loose but when Honey breaks down Sawyers fence and Sawyers defenses he can't help but fall for this beautiful strong women. Then in comes Misty Honey's sister and when she comes to visit Morgan can't help but strong arm her into loving him. Sawyer is sweet, sexy as hell and romantic and smitten, Morgan is so hot for Misty, he can't get enough, I loved the part where Morgans Naked in the kitchen and Honey makes him dress...too funny. For both Honey and Misty the men break down their defenses and builds them back up, even though all claim to love being bachelors they get a case of the love bug. Another great series to follow. Can't wait for Casey's story Gabe/Jordan although liked Sawyer and Morgan in buckhorn beginnings more, this sequel is good. Very sexy men, courageous women. Fun and loving family. Great read but wasn't as good as the first book. Even though Jordan and Gabe sexy as all their brothers it wasn't as sexy a story, they both felt almost pushed through to get their happily ever after. Gabe and Jordan are both well sought out bachelors but once they catch their ideal women their as lost as their brothers. It just felt too quick and rushed I pared to Sawyer (my fav) and Morgan (so sexy)
Five Stars Thank you!
A good read I enjoyed this book again, having first read it when it came out. It's still a fun book, even after reading it several times. I recommend this book and the series
Abagnale espouses tough love One can't help but be impressed by Frank Abagnale's resourcefulness at such a tender age. At the age of sixteen he manages to forge a pilot's license and "deadhead" his way around the country bouncing checks. He also passes himself off as an pediatrician, a college professor, and an assistant district attorney. The last is probably his most impressive exploit, as he passes the bar exam (on his third try) with only two years of high school. After years of exploiting the gullibility of bank tellers and airline clerks, Abagnale is finally captured in France, where he spends six hellacious months in a Devil's Island of a prison. He is then transferred to a Swedish prison, a one hundred and eighty degrees difference, more like a college dorm than a prison. He could've spent the rest of his life being handed from one European penal system to another, some of them vying for brutality with France, but he is saved by a Swedish judge who extradites him to the U.S. Back home, he escapes from apprehension at the airport and from prison later, embarrassing the F.B.I. and his nemesis agent O'Reilly. But, by then, just about every law enforcement official in America is on the lookout for him. He is ultimately captured and does four years jail time, only to emerge once more smelling like a rose. After a few years bouncing around doing such scut work as managing a grocery store and a pizza joint, he convinces a bank manager to let him give a lecture to his employees on how to spot a "paperhanger." From there, he's referred to another bank and another and so on. These days he teaches at the F.B.I Academy. There is a brief question and answer section at the end of the book in which Abagnale decries the leniency of our American penal system; surprisingly, he prefers the French method, which reminded me a lot of the dungeons in THE GULAG ARCHIPELAGO. Also, don't expect to see much of Agent O'Reilly. This is a first person account for the most part, with only an occasional reference to the F.B.I. agent's dogged determination.Coney Island setting and Yiddish jargon make this worthwhile Having read SOMETIMES YOU SEE IT COMING, one of the best baseball books I've read, I was interested to know if the Kevin Baker who wrote DREAMLAND and PARADISE ALLEY was the same person. It's the same guy, but Baker has the chops to do both, as he is the chief historical researcher for the NEW YORK TIMES. As I began to read, I was immediately reminded of several other books. AMERICAN TRAGEDY, THE ALIENIST, THE GANGS OF NEW YORK, and even CLOCKWORK ORANGE. The setting is New York City with Coney Island featured most of the time. There are gangsters and factory girls and Tammany Hall politicians and they all speak their own unique language, some Yiddish and Bowery slang. Thankfully I checked out the back of the book. Sure enough, there was a glossary. You'll be paging back and forth for the entire read. There really isn't any main character, but Esse Abramowitz; her brother "Gyp the Blood;" Esse's lover Josef Kolykia, alias "Kid Twist;" and Tammany Hall politician Big Tim Sullivan do most of the heavy lifting. Trick the Dwarf tells the story. There is a dramatis personae provided at the beginning to help you keep track. The plot begins when Kid Twist saves Trick the Dwarf's life at a Rat Bating by nailing Gyp the Blood with a shovel. For the rest of the book, Gyp the Blood is out to get Kid Twist. A subplot involves Esse Abramowitz's increasingly involvement in the Labor movement. She also works at the Triangle Shirtwaist Co., and if you're up on your history, you know what happened there. I was a bit disappointed in the ending. Trick the Dwarf suggests what MIGHT have happened to the major actors, rather than telling us. There's also a subplot involving Sigmund Freud that seems to be included just to add some historical credence. As Baker tells us in his acknowledgments, Freud really did visit America in 1909, but his conflict with Carl Jung doesn't seem to have a whole lot to do with anything. Despite my misgivings, I heartily recommend this book for the Coney Island atmosphere and the Yiddish jargon alone.Oscar Everyman THE BRIEF WONDROUS LIFE OF OSCAR WAO can be a bit aggravating at first. Diaz rotates between English, Spanglish, Spanish, street jive, and an advanced professorial vocabulary. He also uses elaborate footnotes to explain the political situation in the Dominican Republic. But I defy anyone to not get involved in Oscar Wao's predicament. He is a lifelong virgin who loves women. He also weighs around four hundred pounds and is a role-playing, video game addict, whose ambition is to write science fiction. The book also includes flashbacks to his mother's and his grandfather's horrible travails during the time of dictator Rafael Leonidas Trujillo Molina. His mother's father was a doctor who ran afoul of Trujillo when he made an unfortunate joke about Trujillo and bodies in the trunk of a car. The narrator is Yunior, a former roommate of Oscar's at Rutgers, who did everything he could to help get Oscar laid. Yunior is a weightlifter who tried to help Oscar lose weight by making him run every morning. When Oscar gives up, Yunior pretty much gives up on him, although he does check in on him periodically. Yunior is also in love with Oscar's sister Lola, although he can't stay faithful to her. Oscar is so depressed about his circumstance that he tries suicide, but his life seems to pick up when he visits the Dominican Republic with his mother. This gives us a closer look at the island and man's inhumanity to man. We also learn a bit more about Oscar's family background. You could argue that this book is a romance of sorts. When Oscar falls in love, he falls hard, and he's willing to risk his life, more than once, for the woman he loves. I think we all have a little bit of Oscar within ourselves. Some of us are fat, others too skinny, others not good at sports. Even the seemingly gifted are self-conscious about something. Diaz also does strong women really well. Lola, Oscar's sister; his mother, Beli; La Inca, his mother's adopted mother, and even Ybon, the prostitute he falls in love with are all well-rounded, true-to life characters.
The Jury review I have enjoyed all the Sisterhood books and this one is no exception. Just when you think you know the sisters Michaels throws in some sort of twist.
ToShort In such a small amount of space such few words I felt I know them M both so well. I have difficulty with intimate scenes but the love of the two shown thru in so many more ways. A VERY good read
started off really tough It was so hard to get through the first few chapters of this book. The author introduces you to the lead characters by having the hero basically kidnap their baby from the heroine. Granted she had run away from him in her ninth month of pregnancy and he wanted revenge four months later and many man hours of tracking them down. The main hero is probably the cruelest male lead I have read in a long time and by the end of the third chapter I was yelling profanities at the heroine to find away to get away from him, but at least I was into the book! However, once they get into Los Vagas their chemistry burns off the pages. Anna desperately loves her baby and Nikos, but she believes he betrayed her and rejected her, so she leaves him. Nikos tells Anna that he would never lover her or be faithful and he plans on revenge due to the fact that he tried to still his baby from him. but as time goes on he finds out how possessive he his towards Anna and the baby. There are some really cute scenes with him, Anna and the baby where he is learning to hold the Michelle. This story starts out really rough, but if you can get through the first few chapter of the male lead's jerkiness the book turns out to be a pretty good read. Not the best in the world but pretty good.
Four Stars good
No Longer Have to Go to Europe to Read this Paper! When I used to go to Europe I would seek out a copy of the International Herald Tribune every morning, and usually read it from cover to cover. It simply was a superior newspaper, covering not only USA news but world news, business, sports, etc. Coming back home I would actually feel a sense of loss at having to read our local paper. So I was thrilled when the Kindle edition of the International Herald Tribune came out and I immediately subscribed. The IHT is as good as ever. Excellent, well written articles. In-depth analysis of world events. It's all there. My advice: try the trial subscription for two weeks; I bet you end up cancelling the Times, etc., and go with the International Herald Tribune.Excellent News Source! I have subscribed to the "The New York Times - Latest News" blog since shortly after I purchased the Kindle version 1. Other blogs have come and gone on my Kindle, but the NYT-LN has been a constant. Indeed, combined with the AP US News blog, I am finding little justification to keep my daily print newspaper, the Fort Worth Star-Telegram. Every morning when I open the Star-Telegram I find that I have already read virtually every news story in the "A" section (national and international news) the previous day and evening (since the Star-Telegram, like so many other newspaper, print AP and NYT articles). If not for the local news, comics and the classified ads (and a desire to see local newspapers continue to exist) I would cancel the print paper. For a brief time I also subscribed (via Kindle) to the actual New York Times. I quickly cancelled it when I found, again, that I have read most of the main stories. I recommend subscribing to both the AP US News and the New York Times - Latest News blogs. Between the two of them you will have excellent domestic and international news coverage, all for under four bucks a month.Gosh, I would pay even 5 cents per month One cent per month? Ok. I bit. I'm glad I did. Updated several times a day (whenever they feel like blogging) on a wide variety of subjects. The other day an article was about an early 1970s car, and how it influenced later models, etc. We had thoughts on the Grammy Awards, recipes, new devices, book reviews, on and on. Previously, I would turn the Whispernet (or whatever it is called) off in the morning after receiving my newspapers. Now, I tend to leave it on all day so I can enjoy (or skip, as the case may be) any new Amazon blog. Why not five stars? Due to the presence, in many articles, of links for you to click: IF you were on a computer. Since the Kindle will not follow those links, they are a bit intrusive at times. UPDATE: Now its free? Heck, why not.
Hot little snack I always did prefer Indians over cowboys. There is something about a dark-haired man in a loincloth that calls to me. Oh yeah! Great little hot snack!
A Reading the Paranormal Review Heh. I got a kick out of this book. It's light-hearted and fun and sexy enough to keep me interested. Plus, with a family like the Argeneaus, you know more shenanigans are a given. But let's talk about these two crazy kids for a second. Or, well, one two hundred year old vampire and the man she finds tied to her bed. Lissianna is charmingly sheltered for being two hundred years old. With her fear of blood and her father's legacy to contend with (not to mention growing up in a time when women were expected to be sheltered), this works. Greg gets treated to the full crazy of falling into a family of vampires. Lissianna's family is insanely protective of her, which is a little funny seeing as he's tied up for the first part of this book. As he gets to know her and those around her, he sees how much she's respected and loved. Which, naturally, leads to THINGS HAPPENING. Because things happen when you've been abducted by vampires and find the woman you're destined to be with. Although the "mystery" wasn't hard to figure out, there was a lot of fun set up for future books. I had a good time losing myself in these pages for a few hours. And that's what it's all about. -Kelly @ Reading the Paranormal
Excellent I loved this book and look forward to reading more from the author. I Highly recommend this book to all !!
Snowy Night Seduction Sera was finally back home in New Hampshire after a long two-year absence to face her demons. Her psychic abilities were what led to the sabbatical in Arizona, but it was her emotional psychic connection to Jake Candellori that caused the ultimate humiliation, and need to flee. Sera thought they had something special, but when her barriers were down when they made love, and her emotions overflowed, Jake had literally bolted. She needed the time to learn to control her psychic senses, so she never had a repeat of her experience with Jake. Jake hated spring snowstorms, but he hated them even worse when his suv rolled after hitting a deer. The snow was coming down, and he knew he needed to find shelter from this storm. After walking for a half hour, he spotted lights from a house in the distance. He made it to the door, and practically fell in when the door opened. When Jake regained consciousness, he found himself plastered next to an almost naked Sera. He hadn't realized she was back, and had exhausted all his contacts trying to look for her unable to stop thinking about her since she left. He knew how badly he had treated her, but she had obviously decided to permanently close him out talking about inane things that didn't matter. Jake was determined to get her back in his life, and would do whatever it took to make it happen. Sera and Jake had chemistry and a connection. Jake's willingness to read up on psychics, and become informed was very endearing.
Change your perceptions & thinking change your world This is the second time I have read this book. I learn something new each time. It inspires and fills your mind with a positive approach to life.
Exciting This book was as good as the first two, and I absolutely loved it! It had a lot of really good action and once again kept me on the edge of my seat - from beginning to end.Good Bridge The ending of this book wasn't quite as exciting as the first two, but it was still good and had plenty of excitement and action throughout. It keeps the story going, deepens the plot, and is a good bridge to the next book that I can't wait to read.
I love this series I love this series. Love this book. Kylara's a great character. I don't know why but these books have the feel of Firefly for me. Pretty much my fave sci-fi series.
A book heavy with humor and pathos With "The Brief and Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao" Junot Diaz proves his creativity as a writer. Using a mixture of Spanish, Dominican slang, and sci-fi/comic book references, Diaz brings home the head-spinning reality of the immigrant experience, where one often knows that they are missing much of what transpires around them, as details of context and colloquialism are lost. While this makes the read on occasion difficult (while I am nerdy enough to be ok on the comics and sci-fi, I often needed to ask my Spanish speaking wife for help), he makes his point with skill. At the same time the book is laced with humor and the pathos. Diaz also gives the reader a great deal about the Dominican Republic and the sort of seething anger which surely grows out of being from a small country that is at once under the thumb of a superpower, yet about which the people of the aforementioned superpower are almost entirely ignorant. Again, he accomplishes this in a way that, supported by the strong cables of his sense of humor, never descends to preaching. His characters continue to be interesting throughout, even as we can pretty much guess from the title where the book is heading. If there is one draw back to the book, it is Diaz's occasional failures of narration. Through much of "Oscar Wao" he speaks through Yunior, a friend of the family who serves as a sort of archetype of the Dominican male. Unfortunately, Diaz cannot resist jumping out of this character at times into others in a way that creates an unfortunate degree of distance between the narrator and the reader. Despite this, the book makes for an interesting, entertaining, and occasionally heart-rending read. One should read it before Galactus comes to dinner at a planet near you...What does activist mean? Time and again complaints rage against the "activist" judges on the US Supreme Court. Mark Levin, an excellent example of zealous advocate for his particular view serves as a fine case in point. For most people it seems that the epithet activist merely means the court does something that the particular person does not like. Thus Levin defines the court as activist when it strikes down flag burning laws based on the first amendment and just as quickly brands the court with the same term when it fails to over turn the McCain-Feingold campaign finance system on the same basis. Professor Levin, like ideological advocates on both sides, shed great heat but little light on the issue of the court. Citizens as a whole would be better served by arguments that laid out a philosophical basis under which they believed the court should strike down laws, rather than simply presenting case by case arguments which rest mostly on how one feels about the particular case. Generally, one would expect conservatives to be extremely circumspect when it comes to overturning the "popular will" (a legislative action) and narrowly construe their own authority. Yet interestingly, those considered conservative on the current court in the tally at the end of every session prove themselves more inclined to strike down laws put in place by the people's representatives than do their "liberal" colleagues. Does this make them activists? Levin does not think so, primarily because he agrees with their decisions. Given the many attacks against originalists like the author, one would have expected a better refutation of his opponent's arguments. Professor Levin ascribes to a theory that judges must interpret laws based on the understanding of the drafters who framed them, thus the "original" intent. Yet here we find fine fodder for those who argue that originalists only look to such history when it suits their particular current position. Thus, conservatives like Levin claim the 14th Amendment voids affirmative action schemes, yet fail to consider that the same post Civil War congress that passed the 14th also passed legislation creating various affirmative action programs to assist African American citizens. Since one can hardly imagine a congress passing an Amendment and then passing legislation that directly violates their intent, one must believe that they saw the 14th Amendment as consistent with such programs. Such zealous advocacy no doubt serves professor Levin well as a lawyer, but it does little to aid the understanding of his readers. The Supreme Court remains a powerful and complex organization and perhaps the least well understood by the citizenry. This problem will only be remedied by education, not ideological advocacy.
Five Stars Great book
TMZ of the 12 Caesers definitely interesting for fans of roman times. You'll learn more about the 12 caesers than perhaps you wanted too :) It's actually a book filled with 'gossip' about the caesers more than their military exploits. Filled with intrigue and scandals. If that interests you then you will find this enjoyable.
Five Stars All the sisterhood books are great
Great story These stories just keep getting better and better. The justice served by the Sisterhood is the justice deserved. Their actions are what many secretly believe should happen to those that destroy lives.
Five Stars Typical book with threads references to other novels
Somehow very interesting... I did not expect to like this book because I had read Howard Bahr's "The Black Flower" and had seen other reviews praising this book over "The Widow of the South". I can honestly say that I enjoyed Robert Hick's book. It is stylistically very different than "The Black Flower" and although they deal with the same Civil War Battle, perhaps they shouldn't be compared. Carrie McGavock is a fascinating historical figure and I won't forget this book for a long time. Having lived in middle Tennessee years ago, I wish I would have paid more attention to its fascinating history.
Engaging Murder Mystery Faye Kellerman has woven a mystery with intriguing characters set within a Jewish community. Peter Decker is a Los Angeles detective thrust into a rape, then murder case filled with enough suspects to keep the reader up late, trying to figure out the culprit. Meanwhile, he battles romantic feelings for a beautiful widow which threaten his investigation. A very satisfying book!!
Four Stars Robert Vaughn writes very well and the characters are well developed
Works great for me The Kindle edition of the WSJ is priced great and is wonderful to have on my kindle. I get the monthly edition and find it very useful! Love it!Excellent version - love it I love being able to pick up individual issues when I am able to read them on my Kindle - usually the sunday or saturday editions. Its excellent. I never had been able to keep a nyt paper subscription because the papers piled up but on my kindle I love having the older versions around to read when I have an inkling.Too much missing in the KINDLE version I was hoping to keep my life clutter free by getting the IBD on my kindle rather than in paper. However, its just not useful. Need the graphs as well as all the other missing pieces. I don't even recall seeing the IBD 100 on the Kindle version. Cancelled and went back to paper.Excellent Excellent paper. The only thing I wish I could change is that I had more time to read it. I love being able to get single editions periodically on my kindle. Wonderful.
Solid Space Opera I really enjoyed Moon's Vatta's War. I find it very relaxing Space Opera. She really digs into the characters and things I would normally consider mundane, but Moon makes it fascinating.
Incredibly Addicting!!! I absolutely love the difference in the characters that makes you love the heros and heroines and loathe the enemies. The description in these books are written so well that I can actually see the scene before me and can imagine vividly what the characters would look like. Maggie Shayne did a wonderful job of keeping the stories interesting and the action was paced well. I enjoyed every moment of these stories and I will definately recommend this whole series. As a matter of fact, I already have. So, if you want a book ripe with action, vampires and steamy love scenes, then, the whole Wings In The Night Series are the ones for you.
If ancient Rome had tabloids... Not much is known about the life of Gaius Suetonius Tranquillis. He was probably born in A.D. 69--the famous 'year of four Emperors'--when his father, a Roman knight, served as a colonel in a regular legion and took part in the Battle of Baetricum. Suetonius became a scribe and noted secretary to the military set, eventually ending up in the service of Hadrian, who was emperor from A.D. 117-138. He was dismissed for 'indiscreet behaviour' with Hadrian's empress, Sabina, but not before doing sufficient research to complete many books of a historical nature. His attempts at philosophy were much less well received, and most of his history has been overlooked by all but classical scholars, but this work, 'The Twelve Caesars' has held the imagination of more than just the scholarly set since it was first written. Suetonius had the good fortune of speaking to eyewitnesses from the time of the early Caesars. Much of his information about Tiberius, Caligula, Claudius, and Nero in fact comes from those who observed and/or participated in their lives. Suetonius is in many ways more of a reporter than an historian--he would record conflicting statements without worrying about the reconciliation (this set him apart from Tacitus and other classical historians who tried to find a consistency in stories and facts. Suetonius has been described as the tabloid journalist of ancient Rome, because not only did he not appear to check facts (which in fact is not true--he did check, he just didn't try to smooth over the conflicting facts), but he choose to concentrate on the private lives, motivations and personality quirks of his subjects rather than their grand plans, policies and military/political victories. Thus, many details of the lurid scene appear. Suetonius, and this volume in particular, formed much of the basis for Robert Graves as he wrote 'I, Claudius' and 'Claudius the God', which in turn pulled up the popularity of Suetonius in this generation. Suetonius had first hand knowledge of many of the Caesars who followed the Claudians, and ready access to the archives of the imperial family and the Senate, given his imperial posting. This translation is not intended to be a faithful rendering of the language (which might well result in a stilted English construct) but rather a faithful account of the stories Suetonius tells. Graves has taken the liberty of changing monetary, date, and technical terms into standard English measurements of close kinship of meaning. For the record, the twelve Caesars, about whom Suetonius writes, are: + Julius Caesar + Augustus + Tiberius + Gaius Caligula + Claudius + Nero + Galba + Otho + Vitellius + Vespasian + Titus + Domitian Suetonius held nothing back in writing about the personal habits of the emperors and their families, nor did he hold back in his moral judgement of them. Of Tiberius, for instance, he wrote that Tiberius did so many other wicked deeds under the pretext of reforming public morals--but in reality to gratify his lust for seeing people suffer--that many satires were written against the evils of the day, incidentally expressing gloomy fears about the future.... At first Tiberius dismissed these verses as the work of bilious malcontents who were impatient with his reforms and did not really mean what they said. He would remark: 'Let them hate me, so long as they fear me!' But, as time went on, his conduct justified every line they had written. Graves' edition of Suetonius is available under many covers, from hard-back study editions to Penguin paperbacks, including a wonderful, finely printed edition by the Folio Society. Take a step back into the seemier side of ancient Rome, the side most history courses overlook in favour of more traditional historical events, and hie thee to the bookstore for this work.
Great Book These are the only brand I will use. They give me just what I need and I will continue to use them in the future.
A Surprisingly Warm and Engaging Read "I needed to put two critical ideas together: that I could both be mentally ill and lead a rich and satisfying life." ~ (Locations 5056-58) Elyn R. Saks is a professor who has struggled with schizophrenia for most of her life. As a child she became slightly obsessive compulsive and then anorexic. As she grew older she started to have more symptoms of the disease and suffered for many years without medication. Throughout the book you will read completely honest revelations of what it is like to be on medication and to be off medication. You will be amazed at how creative a writer Elyn R. Saks is and how she remembers precises details of her life, even down to conversations she had with numerous people. Obviously she has a brilliant mind to remember with such clarity. At times this book can be shockingly honest but it is never frightening as I thought it might be. Elyn R. Saks always seems to have protections in place so when she falls gravely ill she has a support system and friends to help her. For some of the book you may feel frustrated that Elyn R. Saks thinks she can function without medication. Each time she is thrown back into a debilitating psychosis. The triggers are interesting and for that reason I think this book can explain a mentally ill person's basic needs for understanding and support. As we watch Elyn R. Saks struggle with her demons we are invited into a very private world of fears most will never experience. People who are mentally ill will however really relate to the hallucinations and voices and feeling of impending doom. Overall this book is a captivating and compelling story of one woman's journey to happiness and success. As I finished this book I was so glad I had read it. The ending is profound and when Elyn R. Saks comes to terms with her illness you will feel a great sense of relief. ~The Rebecca Review
Catch Me if You Can This autobiography is good up until the abrupt ending. There is an interview with the author after the ending of the book but that does not really make up for the abrupt ending. Anyone should be intrigued by the adventures of this young man Frank Abagnale. He has the biggest adventures of his life from the young age of 15 to 20. I admire the ingenuity and fearless nature that Frank Abagnale possessed. Fans of the movie starring Tom Hanks and Leonardo DeCaprio will be pleased to know the movie is quite faithful to the book. The book is able to fill in some of the story that the movie simply cannot. Catch Me if You Can is one of those rare novels that is portrayed so accurately in a movie. I have seen the movie. I recommend this book to everyone.
It's like one of those potato chips. You can't eat just one. It's like one of those potato chips. You can't eat just one. You have to read the entire series.
Be Watchful and Awake Everyone should read this book. If you love your freedom and personal liberty you should know the vices of your enemy. May freedom reign forever !
Five Stars Awesome
Excellent account of a mans incredible trip. Excellent account of the authors amazing and frightening journey through darkness, terror and evil unknown. A fine read that grabs your emotions and takes you on the journey. Amazing story and spot on believable. Examine yourself if you dare. And do it anyway. Your life now will be improved, and the after life amazingly wonderful beyond description. Eternity is a LONG time.
5 stars Read all three in this series. Each one better than the previous one. Can't wait to start the next series.
The Day the Earth Stood Still, not what I expected This book was a surprising take on a story that I thought I knew. While the story stands alone quite nicely, if you are expecting anything even similar to the original movie, starring Michael Rennie, produced in 1951, be prepared to encounter a completely different story. I fully recommend this story and the others contained in this collection. Mr Bates looks more into the make-up of the primary protagonist than into the visitors. I will not expose more of the story line here, but it is still thought provoking and worth your time.
One that will keep you up at night, can't put it down I have read several books by her and never been disappointed. This book has a good plot, the characters are real, and as usual the author keeps you on the edge of your seat and has a suprise twist at the end. In my opinion, I think it's the best of hers so far.Excellent book Like I have stated before, all of her books in the Argeneau series are great. What I like about these books is the fact that each book in done about a different family member in the Argeneau family. A triolgy type series. Definitely start with the first and work your way through the whole collection. I loved them all.
Tonight and Forever Justin and Lorren's Story I have fallen in love with all the Brenda Jackson's books that I have read. This is my first Madaris book I loved the story true love will always prevail. Sometimes a man will try to degrade a woman for their inadequacies and that is what Scott tried to do to Lorren. Justin had his own issues but it all worked out ending with the birth a lovely baby girl and adoption of Vincent. 5 stars. Happy Reading!!!
Five Stars I wish I could make this required reading in high schools across the United States.
Great book. Very informative and understandable. Great book. Very informative. Would recommend it.
Exciting, Entertaining, Engaging...Best in Series So Far ***minor spoilers ahead*** I would rate this book a 4.75 (of 5), the deduction coming from a few technical issues I have with the author's choice of paragraph breaks and a few instances of lame dialogue. Listening to the story on a cd would answer for the first point quite nicely. The second point is a matter of personal preference, and some people may actually like the whole "what" scene that thoroughly annoyed me. It reminded me of Abbott and Costello's "Who's on First" skit. One time around, its funny, but more than once struck a painful chord within me. Aside from that though, the story flowed rather nicely. In a few instances the sequence of events was far too convenient to be anything but a children's fantasy story, but it still fit nicely enough to engage the reader. Split second rescues, daring battles, and nicely executed battle tactics still make for a lovely story. Characterization seemed better than the previous three books, but I think that's only because the previous three books could set it up. If you just picked up this book and read, you'd get a neat little story, but you wouldn't have the emotional connection to the characters. Some series are fine out of order (i.e. Star Wars: X-Wing series), but this is definitely a series to read in the intended order. As for the title change from Oakleaf Bearers (Australia) to Battle for Skandia (U.S.), I'd have to say the US title strikes closer to the heartbeat of the story. The Australian title is better seen in scope of the whole series, and probably would have made better sense on book 3...but as mentioned elsewhere, book 3 and 4 could have been one story arc. Last thing before I quit babbling here, this author is very good at cliff hangers. The stories are highly, highly predictable, but well timed tidbits keep one engaged anyway...Best So Far... but only if you accept that it is a bridge story ***mild spoilers ahead*** Those who want the training and battles may be disappointed by this book, as it seems to be mostly about character development. Through a perilous and largely fruitless journey, Halt and Horace become more real, and through the dangers of slave-life, Evanlyn certainly develops as a character. There are still scenes that shift points of view like earth moves during a quake, but I think I'm becoming immune to the annoyance. The writing seems to have improved somewhat as well, albeit the actual story is slower paced. Large sections of the second half of the book focus on Evanlyn, and poor Will hardly does much at all... that will certainly bore those in the young end of the YA audience who would prefer to see the hero split hairs with his bow and arrow. However, as promised by those who have already read most of the series, this book is really only the first half of the story arc. It could easily be combined into a larger volume, but marketing genius prevails. As usual, the book is completely predictable, yet still enjoyable. There is one place that could be seen as a continuity error, as the person making the observation could not know of certain events described, but not many people are really going to pay attention to that sort of thing. This would NOT be the book to start with. I asked the author if the books could be read out of order, and he replied in the affirmative. However, I would not recommend doing that, as this book is largely about set up and development rather than action and adventure.
Beautiful Madison and Stone are so beautiful. The steamy scenes between them were so sexy. Loved the passion that they had between them. Once again Brenda Jackson wrote a great book. Would highly recommend this book.Sensual Justin and Lorren had sensuality from their first encounter. I loved the chemistry between the two of them. This was a book that made me really feel good and love the Madaris clan. I would highly recommend this book.
it's ok The battle for skandia is ok it has its twist and turns .i'm not going to spoil the book for you but entertaining. -RAND WOODMAN
I Loved this story very much about the beautiful Lissianna and ... I Loved this story very much about the beautiful Lissianna and the hunk Dr. Gregory Hewitt and I love my Hardback Book
Shadow Music There were so many bad reviews about this book, that I almost didn't read it, having enjoyed the first two books in this series so much I didn't want to ruin it. I am so glad I did read it, and I loved it as much as the first two books. I am honestly confused about everyone's displeasure. Some thought the story took too long to get going, but I didn't notice undue delay and felt the extra background information was needed for the story. Others felt Brodick's character was unrecognizable, and though I admit he had softened a bit from the first two books, I felt it was already happening at the end of the second book and largely due to being married. One of the things I really liked about this book was Gabrielle's guard and their interaction with Colm and his men. There is something enjoyable about the banter between a group of men that are close to each other, particularly when they are all protecting the same woman. I enjoyed the same thing in the second book with Brodick's guard. I enjoyed Colm and Gabrielle, and felt they were likable, engaging main characters. I also enjoyed the explanations and references to the title, Shadow Music. I highly recommend this book and series!
You can't beat Raymond Chandler The thing about Raymond Chandler is his ability to put words together in the most intriguing, descriptive way. His prose is beyond readable -- it's captivating. The first book of his I read was "Farewell, My Lovely." I read a couple of paragraphs and I was simply hooked. The stories themselves are wonderful, but told by a lesser author, they wouldn't be half as good. The sad thing about Chandler is that he got started rather late in life with his writing and he didn't get that many books written before he died. Today, you can find about eight books, comprising six novels and two collections of short stories. "The Simple Art of Murder" is one of the short story collections. Chandler's famous fictional detective, Philip Marlowe does not appear in any of the short stories in this book because these are his earlier works. They appeared in magazines and he hadn't dreamt up Marlowe yet. But the stories are so worth reading. One of Chandler's gifts is his ability to describe people, places and the times without being at all boring. The net result is that, while you're reading, you're there, back in the Los Angeles of the 1930's and 40's, experiencing how it used to look, how it once felt, what life there was once like. It's almost intoxicating in its effects. Those who have read some of the Philip Marlowe novels will find a couple of interesting things. With a little re-working, you'll find a couple of his short stories in the novels as chapters of the larger works. One of the really interesting things about this particular collection is the opening work, not a story but an essay entitled "The Simple Art of Murder." It's Raymond Chandler's commentary on what it takes to write a good murder mystery and, believe it or not, it's a very interesting read. It's entertaining and insightful, not in the least bit dry, and proof positive that Chandler could really write. The man was truly gifted and not to read him is to missing something excellent indeed. The phrase "pulp fiction" generally conveys something of lesser quality, trash, in fact. I'll never make that assumption again having read Raymond Chandler, master of the genre. Few authors in any genre have been able to write as well as he did.
great series great seriesgreat series great series
Informative and easy to follow The Washington Post has a lot of information that is needed to all Americans and receiving it to my kindle on time and in a nice format really surprised me. Thank you, Dee
Hot, hot, hot He does not give up. He goes after her again and again. Great. I really liked that. And a very nice ending. Loads of hot sex.
A must read for anyone! My first time reading it. Nothing to knock your socks off, just lots of wisdom about the "class struggle" and the communist plans for an autocratic government. Excellent discussion of workers and how they've been treated throughout the industrial revolution.
Good book Well written. Fast-paced. I had seen the movie and still enjoyed this book. The stories were quite entertaining and it was a quick read.
A tragicomic tale of successful deceptions In an era when it is not unknown for a head of state to be judicially appointed rather than popularly elected, a highly entertaining tale of fraud, deceit, imposture, and usurpation seems highly appropriate. Unlike recent cameos of a winsome actress caught shoplifting or of a Hollywood "bagel-baby" producer caught forging the signature of a granite-jawed actor on a personal check, the reader of Catch Me if You Can is treated to snapshots of the protagonist - a high-school dropout - passing a southern state's bar examination and appointed an assistant attorney general, awarded a license to practice medicine in the state of Georgia, hired as a university professor of sociology in Utah, handed the controls of a 707, hiring coeds to model Pan Am uniforms throughout Europe. One close-up of the "doctor" at work will suffice: "This guy had a complaint about his foot. 'I'm a pediatrician. You want a podiatrist.' That one had mysterious pains in his stomach. 'I suggest you talk to your own doctor.' A brunette had an 'odd, tight feeling' around her upper chest. I examined the brunette. Her brassiere was too small." But the escape artist's "luck" also has a dark side: arrested and thrown into a dungeon in Perpignan, France; fed only bread, gruel, and water; never permitted to bathe, shave, or attend to other personal hygiene; harassed by sadistic guards; and left to rot for six months, he is finally extradited to humane Sweden suffering from severe malnutrition, vitamin deficiency, and double pneumonia. After recovering for six months, he is saved from extradition to Italy and then Spain, in whose barbaric prisons he faces certain death, by a compassionate judge who orders him deported to the U.S., whence, once he has served an additional four years' sentence, as an American citizen he cannot be extradited, and where he is ultimately rehabilitated and redeemed into a productive, married member of society who specializes in the detection and prevention of fraud.
Not sure about this book A book that sticks in your craw. Sometimes elegant and absurd, often poignant, I still would not call it great. My Spanish is high school level and I can only assume that much of the vocabulary he used in Spanish (and there was a fair bit) would have shocked the pantalones off my teachers. To a non-Spanish speaker it ultimately became grating. The political commentary was a bit heavy-handed, but did serve as a second-layer backdrop for the story. The footnotes were too reminiscent of David Foster Wallace to feel fresh. Good, but not great.Talented Writer with Obvious Plot I like this author's style of writing. Her notion (mostly left unexplored) of the vagaries and slippages of memory was an interesting beginning; her cliched reliance on child molestation as plot driver (isn't it an obvious and trite theme beaten to death by countless others?) had me rolling my eyes.
Wow I lost so much sleep reading these stories. I just could not put down the kindle. I had to keep reading. Thank you for a wonderful adventure.
You will LOVE this book! You will LOVE this book!
love it! Julie Garwood is one of my favorite writers. I always lose myself in her books. She has a magical way that makes you belie this a true people.
Way Hot Leave it to Lynsay to keep up the very steamy series of the Argeneau Family. I hope it never ends.
Beautifully real This is one of those books that while I didn't necessarily like the story itself, I can appreciate how the author wrote and structured it. Personally, I am very annoyed by footnotes because they interrupt the flow of the story and lead me off on a tangent and then I have to find my way back and remember what was going on before this whole journey began. This book is FULL of footnotes at the beginning and that just spoiled my attitude for the whole thing. Once I passed the halfway mark, things were beginning to look up because the use of footnotes went down and the story started to bring itself together. The characters themselves are very interesting and it'll probably help you to know that it's not narrated by the author or Oscar; most of the time, it's narrated by another character, Yunior (think Great Gatsby). I didn't realize that until it was explicitly said around 1/3rd of the way through and that would have helped me understand what was happening so much better. The last thing I want to mention is the history. Some of this story takes place in the Dominican Republic and the author includes some history as well as some Spanglish. I don't really know a whole lot about the DR except for the fact that they're on the same island as Haiti and they speak Spanish there (and I got to practice my Spanish by reading this book so that was cool!). I found the whole history timeline to be really cool. It's definitely good if you have a basic background knowledge of the DR but Diaz fills you in on the more specific stuff. The Final Verdict: If you don't like footnotes, it's probably best to skip this (or just skip reading the footnotes themselves). Beyond that, the plot and themes are wonderfully structured. 3.5 stars
Loved With Caution This story opens at the end of Without Reservations. Remington Lassiter has just been turned and he is trying to cope with being a were at the same time as he is fighting his attraction to Jake Romero, the werewolf who turned him to save his life. He is deeply conflicted between what he wants and what he feels is right. To complicate matters he knows that if he does anything to offend his father, such as enter into a relationship with another man, both he and his younger brother Sterling would pay. But every time he sees Jake there is a bond and an attraction between them that he can't overcome. After seeing how difficult it is for Remi to control his feelings Jake has no option but to tell him that he is his mate. At that point Remi realizes that he is fighting a losing battle and he gives in to his growing feelings for Jake. When I first met Remi in Without Reservations he was the somewhat homophobic best friend of Chayton Winston, a veterinarian and mate of Keaton Reynolds. Initially it was difficult for me to accept Remi in a gay relationship as well as the change in his personality, however the author provided a plausible explanation for his change of mind about Chay's and Keaton's relationship as well as the major shift in his own sexual orientation. It seems that Remi had a deep, dark secret that he had never admitted to himself or anyone else until it's almost too late. Remi is the poster child for abused children. His father is a psychopath whose idea of fun is terrorizing his family and because he is a Rez Policeman with lots of power no one dared question him until Jake shows up on the scene. Remi's character is very vulnerable and submissive and the hint of BDSM in the story went well with his persona. I really felt for him in his fight to protect his brother and his mother, while at the same time keeping his relationship with Jake a secret from his father. His turnaround in standing up to his father was precipitated when Sterling shows up with bruises on his body and he knows that he can't close his eyes any longer to the abuse, so he asks Jake to help him bring his father to justice. This book is extremely complex and the characters are much richer than its predecessor. The emotion throughout the book was at a very high pitch and at times I felt as if my stomach was in knots because the action was non stop. There is so much going on it's difficult to know where to stop in terms of talking about the storyline because of the danger of being a spoiler. There is a murder investigation, extreme violence against members of Remi's family, a horrifying incident in the past, collusion between law enforcement agencies in an investigation several years ago, as well as a recent tragedy, all of which heighten the pressure in the already intense love story between Remi and Jake. The sex in this book is so emotive and wonderful between the couple that I could feel the air between them crackle. When J.L. Langley writes a love scene, and that is what she did with Jake and Remi because it wasn't just sex, you are drawn into the minds of these three dimensional characters who tug at your heart strings. The other characters were engaging - from Rhys, Jake's business partner and best friend, young Sterling, Remi's brother who thinks Rhys is hot, and all the others who rounded out the story and made it such an incredible read. This book is not a standalone and to really enjoy the series the stories should be read in order. Did I love With Caution? I have to give an unequivocal and resounding "yes". Buy this book.
Five Stars ok
of the Highland Lairds series this was my least favorite, but I really enjoyed all of them of the Highland Lairds series this was my least favorite, but I really enjoyed all of them. All 3 can be read as stand alone novels (which is good because initially I read them out of order.) I did enjoy the characters I just wished it tied into the other 2 more closely, other than that the story was great.
I love this book I love the characters and the way the author takes you to this place. This is a very heartwarming book and I will miss the pink house and the beautiful loving women that live there
Excitement and war In "The Battle for Skandia", our heros is caught in an all-out war between the Skandians and the invading Temujai who has captured Evalyn. After a daring last-minute rescue, our heros must join forces with the Skandians if they ever hope to return home. Another five-stars for an fluent storyline filled a ton of imagination and a touch of historical realism.Yet another strong storyline Bound for Skandia as captives after the conclusion of the last battle with Morgarath, both Will and Evalyn must attempt an escape as Halt mounts his own rescue of two of our future heroes. The third installment of Ranger's Apprentice entitled "The Icebound Land" is wrought with alot of danger and is sure to keep you reading to the very end and wanting even more. I am giving this book a five-star review for its imagintive fluitive storyline which continues to hold strong throughout all the books in this series.
Very improvable, but I'm warming to it The 2 month free trial is well worth a try. I'll say that up front. Second, NYT is a great paper. I haven't gotten newspapers in a while, due wanting to cut down on the amount of trash I generate, and because I got tired of excessive advertising. Blah, blah, blah .... now that I'm getting NYT as a wake up each morning, I'm remembering what I was missing. I'm spending 20 minutes per morning reading through the parts I find interesting. It's good stuff. I'll probably continue after the trial is over. That said, I agree that that price is a tad high. I'd be much more comfortable with less than $20 per month, considering how much is stripped out. Also... someone at NYT should read these before they go out. The Bridge column last week made numerous references to the missing diagram. I can understand leaving out some pictures, but vital pictures should never be left out. If you're going to leave out pictures, I think all the static Op-ed pictures can be left out. The bridge column without diagrams is pointless, so it should be added to items to strip out -- or to include diagrams with. Good science section so far. I miss the crossword. Even if the crossword wasn't interactive, I'd love to see it. I have some grid paper. NYT is really close here, I think, so with a little more care, they could have something less frustrating to send out. ---------------------- I've decided to continue subscribing. I've been reading NYT in bed before getting up for awhile now, and it's a great way to start the day. I'd still like for it to be better, but reading the newspaper in bed in the early morning is a new joy I don't want to give up.
Maggie Shayne rocks Loved all these stories.. There was a couple i had missed before..She takes you into another world...Great characters, awesome stories of love... A must read for all Maggie Shayne fans
A good western where the good guy wins The author keeps your interest. A good western where the good guy wins.
Justice for women Great story about strong women and the men that love them. A good combination. The Sisterhood get justice for the women who were wronged. Wish that the men nowadays were more like them.
Well written, excellent story, but not unexpected from Elizabeth Moon. Buy everything she's written, they're all good. Elizabeth Moon is always on the top of my to-buy list. I actually bought this copy for my son. He's liking it a lot. EM always writes well written, well researched, believable fantasy/ "space opera" and I know when I buy something she's written I will like it.
Fantastic Book on Schizophrenia This is one of the most interesting books I've ever read. It's written about schizophrenia by a schizophrenic. This woman also happens to be extremely intelligent, has a doctorate in her field, and has suffered with this disease since early adulthood (at least in its recognized form). She has been institionalized, has endured massive drug experimentation, has periods of time during her life that she cannot fully remember, or remembers as a schizophrenic, and yet is able to put it together and write about it coherently. I've simply never read anything like it.
Five Stars A
Great book - kept me up all night! Don't miss this book if you enjoy a good, fast-paced read with a legal bent to it. The review from Kirkus Associates does a much better job of describing the book than I can, so I'll leave that to them. Had never read any of Lisa Scottoline's novels before, but after finishing MISTAKEN IDENTITY, I immediately ordered her previous novel, ROUGH JUSTICE. Ms. Scottoline's characters are real, and it doesn't take long to realize that she writes from personal experience and observation. She has been described as the "female John Grisham," but that description doesn't do her justice. Like Grisham, her past legal experience has paid off with her ability to create some very believable characters. (...)it's worth the visit to learn a bit more about the author. You'll find a message board and online reviews there as well. That's where I found out that MISTAKEN IDENTY has evidently been optioned for development into a television series. Looking forward to reading all of her previous novels. (This is a relisting of a missing original review of the hardback edition first posted in April 1999)Is the Idea of a "Vendetta Defense" Really Plausible? When someone kills another, is it always murder, and can such killing of another be justified? Lisa Scottoline tackles these moral and legal dilemmas in THE VENDETTA DEFENSE, her newest work. And saying it right up front, this reviewer feels that it's her best work to date. The very first line of this book states that Tony Lucia killed Angelo Colluzi that morning. Pigeon Tony, as he's known to his friends, is an elderly man who gets his name from the pigeons he loves and races, as he has done all his life. He is arrested for the murder of Colluzi, who it turns out, has had a vendetta going against Pigeon Tony and his family since the days when they both lived in Italy during the Fascist era. The Philadelphia law firm of Rosato and Associates will be familiar to those who have read Ms. Scottoline's previous novels. Bennie Rosato and Mary DiNunzio make appearances, but in this one Judy Carrier takes the lead role of Pigeon Tony's defense attorney against the wishes of Bennie, who is her boss. And just to further complicate issues, Judy falls in love with Pigeon Tony's grandson, Frank. A master at characterization, Lisa Scottoline writes about South Philadelphia, its environs and its people as if she's strolled through the streets, examining the cracks on the sidewalks, noting the walls that have peeling paint, remembering which parking meters are not functioning. Her attention to detail comes from one who has experienced the area and its people, not just imagined them. She makes one visualize her characters as real, multi-dimensional people, and not just flat caricatures. And speaking of descriptions, look out for the details about Judy Carrier's new bright green VW Beetle if you want an example of how the author pays attention to visualizations, right down to the flower in the glass bottle in the console. This is just one small example. As a mystery writer, Ms. Scottoline has successfully drawn on her experiences as an attorney. She further deals with touchy legal ethical issues in this book, something she has lectured on at law schools before. As in her previous novels this book is at times movingly sensitive and compassionate. At other times it is humorous, funny in a subtle way, and at other times you'll want to laugh out loud. I didn't think that a "vendetta defense" such as this was a plausible plot when I first read about it. Ms. Scottoline seems to bring her three-dimensional characters to life, and make the concept conceivable. If you have come to enjoy Lisa Scottoline's writing style, her characterizations and her subtle sense of humor, then this is a book you will find to be amongst her best. And if you haven't read any of her previous works, you may want to pick up a few of them in addition to this one. You won't be sorry you did!Freebie: Amazon Daily for the Kindle I took advantage of the free&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Amazon-Daily/dp/B000QFOD8E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Amazon Daily</a>&nbsp;blog right after I received my Kindle in 2009. Have seen it evolve over that time, and generally speaking it's been for the better... not perfect, but I do like it for it's often-random yet usually informative content. The range of articles is wide, much like thumbing through a magazine or Sunday newspaper supplement, with something there for just about anyone. It's not a Kindle blog; it's more widely-spaced covering not just books, music and such. Some of the more-recent topics were: * Jim Henson's Lost Project Found in the New Year, by Alex Carr * Author Spotlight: Antoine Wilson on "The Interloper" (from the Kindle Editors) * Nifty Tips from the Los Angeles Times Food Section, by Melissa Trainer * The Original Mach 5 from Speed Racer: Mach GoGoGo, by That Car Guy * The 69th Golden Globes - What Went Down, by the Editors * Total Reader Immersion: Writing Evocative Descriptions, by Susan J. Morris And then there was the one that really caught my eye: an offer to enter the "Amazon.com Books $1000 Gift Card Sweepstakes" where one could visit the Amazon Facebook page for a chance to win. This one explained that they would randomly select one lucky winner on or about January 24th, 2012. As one might guess, this Amazon Daily reader jumped on that one. Had this reader not seen that item on the Amazon Daily blog, it might have been missed, so it's a good thing to have been a subscriber. But be aware that if you're trying to subscribe via your iPad, iPhone, BlackBerry, computer or such, it won't work. According to Amazon, please note that this blog (and most others) is currently available on the following devices: * Kindle * Kindle Touch * Kindle Keyboard * Kindle DX * Kindle (2nd Generation) * Kindle (1st Generation) At the time of this posting, it's not yet available on the Kindle Fire, which I find strange. Speaking of Kindle books, I also subscribe to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Free-Kindle-Books-Plus-a-Few-Other-Tips/dp/B002VWLMDO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Free Kindle Books Plus a Few Other Tips</a>&nbsp;from Michael Gallagher. This is a paid subscription (under a buck a month) and one that has proven to be an invaluable resource to those who peruse the titles of the free book offerings. And don't let anyone kid you, the freebies here will often surprise you with their quality of content. Back to the Amazon Daily blog: it comments on the cool and catchy, the minor and marvelous, and features the best from the retailer, and it's updated wirelessly throughout the day. From the weekend meal to the latest in hi-tech toys, this daily blog covers the offerings from Amazon.com's colossal catalog of items, books, gadgets, food and more. It can be quirky and eclectic, and the subjects cover a wide range of topics. If you're interested only in music, only in Kindle offerings, only in films and videos, only in the latest in best-selling books, then there will be quite a lot to plow through. But if your interests are diverse, you'll want to get this one so that you can read it at your leisure. And it costs all of $0.00, a real Kindle freebie. Try it and see what you think. 1/19/2012
Raymond Chandler's "The Simple Art of Murder" is simply the art of hard boiled fiction by the genre's master Raymond Chandler Ross MacDonald wrote of his crime fiction mentor "Raymond Chandler" that he "...wrote like a slumming angel and invested the sunblinded streets of Los Angeles with a romantic presence." L.A. is the main character in "The Simple Art of Murder" an excellent collection of short stories by Chandler. In these pages we meet tough shamuses. world weary dames, corrupt politicians and cops on the make. Though Phillip Marlowe is not to be seen in these pages most of the stories are seen through the eyes of a private dick who is immersed in a heap of trouble. The stories in the collection are: Spanish Blood; I'll be Waiting; The King in Yellow; Pearls are a Nuisance' Pickup on Main Street; Smart-Aleck Kill; Guns at Cyrano's and Nevada Gas. All of this sordid and grim yarns include murder, slugging matches, taut dialogue and low life types. You probably won't remember the convoluted plots but you will marvel at Chandler's ability to word pain the contents of a room; draw a Dickensian picture of a character in a few short lines and savor the ambience of decadent Los Angeles from the 1930s to post World War II. Rivers of alcohol are consumed in the stories; Chandler was himself a notorious alcoholic cutting down on his literary output and his screenwriting work for Hollywood. The stories in this collection were culled from pulp fiction periodicals Chandler wrote for to keep the money coming into his home. The Preface to the collectionis the much admired Chandlerian essay on "The Simple Art of Murder" in which he discusses the art of the crime story. The more you read Chandler the more you will enjoy his mastery of the English language as it is spoken in the United States. Chandler makes ample use of metaphors, similies, slang and tough guy argot. Read him and relish the genius of the City of Angels chronicler of crime!The Widow of the South: A universal symbol of mourning women for fallen warriors in war. Carrie McGavock lost three children in their youth as she mourned in her mansion near Franklin, Tn. It was in this heavenly Middle Tennessee community that a hellish battler transpired on Nov. 30, 1864. In just five hours their were over 9,000 casualties as John Bell Hood's Army of Tennessee met with a disastrous defeat at the hands of General John Schofield's blueclad soldiers. The Carnton plantation (owned by John McGavock the husband of Carrie) was turned into a hospital. Four dead Confederate Generals were laid out in death on the porch of Carnton. In the years following the war it was Carrie McGavock who reburied the Confederate dead in her family cemetery. When Oscar Wilde visited the US he had already heard of this remarkable woman. It is around this skeletal framwork that first time novelist Robert Hicks tells the story of Carrie and her family. Along the way their is romance, murder, mystery and meditations on the nature of life and death; chaos and order, memory and hope. Hicks is a fine stylist whose prose sparkles with beautifully crafted sentences. The book resurrects a little known person from the bloody pages of the Civil War and focuses on the horrible cost of warfare. Hicks has done his homework as the reader learns about plantation life, slavery; courage in war and the primitive medical care of the time. As one interested in the preservation of our Civil War Heritage this book spoke to me of the need to protect our nation's battlefields. The novel is well worth the time it takes to read it. While other books will be read and forgotten this one will linger in the mind and soul of thoughtful readers.
Useful. In order to critique something it is necessary to know what one's talking about it. This book is good for that purpose.
Four Stars Entertaining book
Not just another New Age tome I've read a lot of popular writing for the layman about quantum mechanics and the zero point field, and found this intelligent and interesting. I found the explanations of this difficult to conceptualize idea well done, and it gave a me a bit more of the quasi-mystical than I had bargained for, but it was actually a good thing as I tend toward the straight "scientific" explanations, and this author has a decidedly metaphysical bent. I enjoyed the book, but think that it bis better appreciated if the reader has already had some exposure to quantum physics.
A unique vision of the immense capacity of humans to persevere and risk everything for the sake of love La Breve y Maravillosa Vida de scar Wao by Junot Daz, translated by Achy Obejas - 2008 edition by Random House This is the wonderful tale of the short and wonderful life of scar de Len, A. K. A. scar Wao, thus named because when he attended Rutgers University in New Brunswick on his third year he dressed as Dr. Who for a Halloween party and the Dominicans in the school tried to associate him with the homosexual Oscar Wildwhich they pronounced as Wao, so the name stuck. The book has three parts each with chapters. The chapters are self enclosed novellas that could stand aloneas a matter of fact, for the fun of it they can be read in the order written or in the chronology of what they tell. Sort of like Rayuela by the Argentinean Julio Cortzar, which invites the reader to choose between a linear and a non-linear mode of reading. The narrator introduces the reader to the curse called fuk, especially associated with the Trujillo dictatorship, vs. Zafa the antidote to the curse. Unfortunately, scar Waos story is dominated by the first. The first novella The ghettosat the end of the worldnerd 1974 1987, introduces us to scar at age seven, and his blessed childhood when he was a womanizer having up to two girlfriends at a time. He chooses Maritza Chacn over Olga Polanco and then the fuk takes hold. Maritza drops him for Nelson Pardo, so he starts eatingto the point that he is a huge person and hides in his books and science fiction becoming the biggest nerd in the worldpersecuting women to no avail. The second novella Wildwood 1982 1985, deals with Lola, scars sister and her rebellious nature against her dominating mother. She goes through several sexual escapades culminating in Santo Domingo where she falls for a married gansterwhos very jealous wife almost kills her in a sugar cane plantation, brought back to life by her Aunt La Inca: Myots Altagracia Toribio Cabral. The third novella The three misfortunes of Belicia Cabral 1955 1962, deals with the life of Hypata Belicia Cabral, scars mother. We see her at age 13, working with her auntLa Incaat her bread shop, sleeping together in the same bed, until Belicia develops a stupendous body and the same fights that she had with her daughter are now seen with her adoptive mother. At age 15, she escapes her mother and goes to work for Juan Then in a Chinese restaurant. Her figure, wits and savvy make the Chinese restaurant a success. Like her daughter she falls for one of Trujillo's married gangsters and like her daughter the wife, orders her killed and she ends in another sugar cane plantation, but survives and La Inca nourishes her back to life. The fourth novella Sentimental Education 1988-1992 is narrated by Junior (Yuni) and tells us about the four years scar spent at Rutgers University in New Brunswickhis inability to find women and how he gets his nickname. At one point Yuni informs scar one of my favorite lines of the novel: It goes against the laws of nature that a Dominican will die without having sex at least once. p. 185 The fifth novella Poor Abelard 1944-1946 tells us the background of the family. Dr. Abelardo Luis Cabral a famous surgeon and rich merchant. He had two daughters. He enjoyed a prominent life; had servants and several homes. He had a wife, Socorro, two daughters Jacquelyn and Astrid, and a lover, Lydia. Unfortunately the fuk takes hold of the family when Jacquelyn develops into a beauty. You see, in Trujillos time, any beautiful woman belonged to the dictator and parents had to let the dictator have his way with them or suffer the consequences. Lydia warned Abelardo and wanted to take Jacquelyn out of the country but Abelardo refused. Instead he hid his wife and daughters from the dictator. But it was to no avail. Dr. Cabral receives an invitation from Trujillo to attend The Independence day Ball and it includes his wife and daughters namethe last one was underlined three times. Unable to give his daughter to the dictator he attends the party alone. Within months he is in prison. Trujillo sentences him to twelve years for treason for an innocent comment he made and confiscates all the family wealth. But the fuk does not end there, Jacquelyn, although her virginity was saved, goes to live with her Godparents to end up dying in a swimming pool with two feet of water, days after she was accepted to go to medical school in Paris. Astrid goes to live with relatives and in 1955, while attending church, a stray bullet kills her. Socorro is pregnant with Belicia, but she comes out as black as charcoal, unlike the rest of the family. Right after the delivery Socorro is killed by a carmore fukand the relatives that claim the baby from a prior employee of the family, Zoila, who nursed her to life against all odds, sell the girl. She becomes a slave and is burnt terribly until by an act of Zafa occurs and by coincidence La Inca hears about a relative she has. She rescues Belicia from slavery and cures her burs both physically and mentally.<br/><br/>The sixth novella The land of the lost 1992-1995 has Oscar teaching at his old high school, Don Bosco in Jersey. He decides to visit Santo Domingo with his family. Now we get a description of the post Trujillo era in the Dominican Republic, where scar becomes Huscar and he is addressed in English.. La Inca has prospered and now has six stores in the Capital, Santo Domingo, and a brand new house. Unfortunately the house is next to the home of Ybn Pimentel, a prostitute who is the wife of a colonel in the new right wing government. Our hero cant prevent ithis fuk makes him fall in love with Ybn and he is caught kissing her by the jealous husband. The same scene of driving with two policemen to a sugar cane field is repeated and scar is saved because the evangelical taxi driver that is friend of La Inca followed them and managed to get him to the hospital. Against everyone wishes, scar refuses to go back to the states until a big family intervention gives him no choice (aided by stray bullets at La Incas house). The seventh novella The Last Trip involves scars return to Santo Domingo to pursue his love, Ybn and ends with his death at the sugar cane field. The eighth novella The End of the Story has Junior describing the recovering of the body, Lola marrying in Miami and a letter from scar describing his love affair with Ybn prior to dying. The book is heavily influenced by Frank Herberts Dune and J. R. R. Tolkiens The Lord of the Rings with terminology from both books all over the place. This novel won the Pulitzer Price and offers a unique vision of the immense capacity of humans to persevere and risk everything for the sake of love. It was a pleasure to read and I thank Mr. Daz for his gift to the world.
great great book - easy to read. Cannot think of additional words to say Amazon's minimal requirement really stinks - really stinks
classic essay, historical shorts The Simple Art Of Murder is worth reading for the eponymous essay, first published in 1944, which opens the book. It describes the shift in the genre of detective fiction from the neat-and-tidy society popularized by Agatha Christie or even Arthur Canon Doyle to the grittier, darker world mastered by Dashiell Hammett and later embraced by Raymond Chandler. The works in this compilation are obviously classics of the genre, and were the stepping stones on which Chandler developed his style which was later used in his more famous works, the novels featuring Philip Marlowe. However, despite that each story on its own, featured in its time as a magazine publication, may have been a success, the compilation is less successful. With the notable exception of "Pearls are a Nuisance", an obvious parody of the characters of Christie's time, and "I'll be Waiting", a moody piece which is also substantially the shortest in the collection, the stories here tend to blend together. None of the works is really a classic mystery in the sense the reader could intuit the outcome. Instead, the stories focus on the dark, tough-guy sphere of the Los Angeles underworld. Virtually everyone over the age of 18 smokes, drinks, and carries a gun, and there's nobody under 18. Eventually a reader gets the view poking a loaded gun into someone's chest was the canonical salutatory gesture of the early 1930's, only later replaced by the handshake. And it's slightly disturbing how the racism of the time is embedded into virtually all of the stories here. The strength of the works is Chandler's descriptive prose, which quickly captures the dark mood he's obviously after. In particular, he opens his stories strongly, sucking the reader in with the first paragraph. So if you forget about the weaknesses in plot, allowing yourself to instead be captured in the moment of the writing, this book will be more enjoyable. To be fair to Chandler, these stories weren't intended to be thus bundled. So for the opening essay, and for the historical niche the stores fill, I give this one 4 stars. However, I certainly owe Chandler the respect of reading one of his full-length novels before passing judgement on his merits.
Good adventure-fantasy for all ages (spoiler) This book was a bit darker than I expected. Mostly due to the story line dealing with Will's addiction, but it could definitely be used as a good discussion opportunity about drugs, addiction and recovery. The plot line did allow Evanlyn to step out of the male characters' shadows a bit, though. I'm listening to these in publication order and already own several more of the titles. Once again, Keating was an entertaining narrator. There did seem to be a slightly larger pause than normal between some chapters, but that really isn't a hardship.
Twisted young People Great book Allison Brennon, You have the element of surprise. Over and over again I thought I knew who was doing this. Keep up the good work. I just bought your third book of the trilogy. Can't wait to start it.
Interesting Take on an Old Story I like the author's way of telling a story and this was an entetaining story suuitable for young readers as well as adults
Five Stars use this book
Good.... As a retired nurse, it is always interesting to read what was "knowledge" in the former years. Interesting and enlightening!
Another winner from Sands! I love the Argeneau series. They're quick reads but never fail to hold your attention. I never miss one and this one is great!
Five Stars Enjoyed re reading.
Loved It I have read numerous Allison Brennan books, but this was by far, my favorite. This book kept me guessing as to who the murderer was. Once I started this book, I couldn't put it down.
Its Grimm's, what can you say? Grimm's fairy tales are known worldwide for a reason. They are the best of the best. If you've never read them, you are truly sheltered and missing out on some of the best fiction ever.
Great read What's happening in the wider world around this woman sort of sneaks up on you as you read and you realize this is a novel that captures the whole horror of what was our civil war in the United States.A GREAT NEWSPAPER EASY TO NAVIGATE EVEN ON MY SMALL KINDLE. I APPRECIATE THAT VERY MUCH.EASY TO NAVIGATE VERY EASY TO NAVIGATE. A GREAT NEWSPAPER. ENJOYED READING IT EVEN ON MY SMALL KINDLE,
awesome Love this series and this book didn't disappoint. When you through a skandian into a book it makes anything better.great Great series and this book makes you meet some awesome characters and finishes off where the last book in the series left you.
I think this is my favorite of the series so far I think this is my favorite of the series so far. There was a lot of action and new characters and good character development. The archer scenes were so epic!! Though I was disappointed that Flanagan completely forgot about Slagor after the war. :( Was justice served?! Definitely continuing the series.I liked this one a little less than the first 2 ... I liked this one a little less than the first 2 books. I was disappointed by the lack of Will. I like the way this series is written, general third person perspective so you don't miss anything and you also get inside thoughts. Good to see the "gang" growing but I'd still like to see some faces from book 1. It felt like a filler book. Nothing happened. A little early in the series to have a filler book.
Bought the whole set thru Amazon GREAT books. Everyone in my family -- 10 year old / 12 year old / Mom / Dad / Grandma and Grandpa have read this series. We even have scavenger hunts using the characters of these books. This Book 4 is as great as the rest of them. Lots of action here!!! Get the whole series from Amazon -- no place better.Bought the whole set thru Amazon GREAT books. Everyone in my family -- 10 year old / 12 year old / Mom / Dad / Grandma and Grandpa have read this series. We even have scavenger hunts using the characters of these books. This Book 3 is as great as the rest of them. Get the whole series from Amazon -- no place better.
A Western MB is one of the original western writers and after so many years and so many retreads the man is in a class all his own. Just like Zane Grey and Bret Harrell. This is an excellent read, from a time of real cowmen, for the genre.....ERThe 1st of Many Vatta's War Books EM has written a SyFy novel about a young woman, from a wealthy family, that decided to attend the Space Academy instead of joining the family business. Just before graduation from the Academy she is kicked out. She joins the family Space business and rebuilds a Ship. This is an excellent read for the genre..... ER
Marxist Bones Most people claim that they do not have Marxist bone in their body. Particulary if you are a baby boomer, you were raised to hate communism. While Marx's thoughts are idealistic at best, they definitely serve as food for thought. Marx's economic beliefs suggest that the working class will rise up and overthrow the rich/ruling class in order to create a classless society. Their are several flaws that have been historically pointed out in relation to Marx's theory. The most common flaw would suggest that Marx never foresaw the advent of a middle class society which is content unlike the working class. This makes any revolution unlikely. One question to ask is "Are people greedy?" If you believe people are greedy, then the theories of Marx can not work. Greedy people could not allow themselves to be equal in the amount of toys they have with the general population. Greed would destroy communism just as it did in the Soviet Union. The greed of some is one of the ultimate reasons the Soviet Union collapsed. However, Cuba is still survivng and Castro as seen as a saint in Cuba. While Marx's ideas are thought provoking, they are generally useless in the modern world. This book should be read by all people who consider themselves politically, socially, and/or economically educated.
Finally some resolution to the story that started in The Burning Bridge This is the fourth book in the Ranger's Apprentice series; there are twelve books planned in this series with the tenth book,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ranger-s-Apprentice-Book-10-The-Emperor-of-Nihon-Ja/dp/0399255001/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ranger's Apprentice, Book 10: The Emperor of Nihon-Ja</a>, released in April of 2011. This was a good book in the series and continues the story line that was started in book 2,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Burning-Bridge-The-Ranger-s-Apprentice-Book-2/dp/0142408425/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Burning Bridge (The Ranger's Apprentice, Book 2)</a>. Will and Evelyn are recovering in the cabin in the woods when things take a turn for the worse. Evelyn is abducted by a third party no one even knew was in Skandia. Will tries to save her and runs into Halt and Horace. The whole group tries to figure out what this third party is doing in Skandia, then Erak arrives and is drawn into the action. What results could be a battle that determines the future of Skadia and its neighboring countries. This book was basically the conclusion to the story arc that started in<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Burning-Bridge-The-Ranger-s-Apprentice-Book-2/dp/0142408425/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Burning Bridge (The Ranger's Apprentice, Book 2)</a>. It ends well, finally no cliffhangers. All of our favorite characters are in this story for the majority of it: Evelyn, Will, Horace, Halt and Erak. They are all likable and the story is engaging. This is a very solid fantasy book. This book deals more with war and strategy than previous books have. All of our young heroes have to take on more responsibility and come up with ideas to help save Skandia; it was great to see our heroes shoulder these responsibilities with grace. Having Halt in the book for the majority of the story was great, he is my favorite character of the bunch. The plot was again fairly predictable and a bit contrived. The way things work out and all the characters meet up is incredibly unlikely and made me roll my eyes a bit. The plot works out pretty much how you think it will at the beginning on the book. Basically this is another solid fantasy story, but not incredibly creative. Overall a very well done addition to this series. Wraps up the story arc that started in The Burning Bridge nicely. Our characters see a lot of growth and take on responsibility and Halt is in the story a lot, so that is awesome! The characters are likable, the story engaging. If you have liked previous books you will like this one too. I am still finding these to be a little too predictable and not as creative as I would like. Still they are quick, fun reads. I plan on continuing to read the series for now. If you like this series I would recommend&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Emerald-Atlas-Books-of-Beginning/dp/0375868704/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Emerald Atlas (Books of Beginning)</a>&nbsp;by John Stephens and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/A-World-Without-Heroes-Beyonders/dp/141699792X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">A World Without Heroes (Beyonders)</a>&nbsp;by Brandon Mull.
Very Good I love all of Allison Brennan's work and I really just found her not long ago. I like reading books by the same author so you can stay connected to the characters. However, I think I've ran out of books to read now! Write faster Allison!!
Life in Old New York In this novel, Kevin Baker transports the reader to the New York of 1910. Baker weaves several plot lines together to create a complex tapestry depicting life in that era. Tammany Hall controls the city. Even the mayor is a puppet for corrupt politicians. Factory workers put in long hours in squalid sweatshops for low pay. Gangsters and criminals roam the city looking for easy prey. Homeless children sleep in alleyways. Prostitutes, con men and corrupt policemen are everywhere. As one character in the novel says, "Everyone has a racket in this town." Baker contrasts the struggle of life in the city with the fantasy world of the Coney Island amusement parks. He describes how each summer the people of the city come to shrug off their cares and embrace the hedonistic pleasures of the parks. To tell his story, Baker uses a large cast of interesting characters. Each character has a unique point of view. Some of Bakers memorable characters are: Essie who escapes the drudgery of work in a sweat shop by having an affair with a gangster hiding out in Dreamland. Kid Twist who came to America by walking across Europe and stowing away in ship bound for New York. Big Tim Sullivan who is a corrupt Tammany politician. He controls saloons, gangsters, and the Mayor of New York. The Great Head Doctors from Vienna who are Sigmund Freud and his protege Carl Jung. They give a European perspective to the chaos of New York. Trick the Dwarf is the narrator of the story. Trick sometimes enters regular society by passing as a young boy. He experiences the best and worst times of the Dreamland amusement park. For me, this novel was a long slow struggle to finish. I kept reading because I wanted to find out how Baker resolved the plot lines. Spoiler Alert - He doesn't. He brings the story to an end, but there is no great climax. And perhaps that is the point. In real life not all of our plot lines are resolved. We may escape reality for a while, but life goes on. This novel is a very well written historical novel. Although it was slow reading, I enjoyed it.
Complete I've read some stories many times and the whole thing (both volumes) twice. It's all of Sherlock Holmes in an easy to carry paperback edition. It's got Professor Moriarty, the Red-Headed League, the true portrayal of Dr. John Watson as a swashbuckling, womanizing retired military doctor, Mycroft Holmes, ferocious hounds on English moors, and The Woman. And if a paperback is too heavy for you, get the exact same edition on Kindle. What more could you want? A classic. Vincent Poirier, Montreal
Five Stars Always a winner
Mistaken identity If you like Lisa Scottoline or have never read her,now is the time. I have never been disappointed in any of her books and this one was great. Lawyers,murderers,corrupt cops,it has everything.
Raw Vigilante Justice I love this Vigilante collection and this one is another that defies legal justice but satisfies the final justice served. Fern's books are very hard to put down because you have to find out what happens next.
Calhouns for a steal I was excited to see 3 books for less than $10 and by Susan Wiggs. I read a re-issue of "Firebrand" and fell in love with Ms. Wiggs. The Calhoun series highlights what an amazing writer Ms. Wiggs really is. This is the first 3 of 5 books in the series and spans a far number of years, bookending the Civil War. Ms. Wiggs provides enough historical reference for the reader to understand the era, but gives you 3 very different settings: Boston/Ship/Rio, desolate island/Virgina horse farm, Georgetown. The first starts out with the theme of the "Ugly Duckling" that is very pervasive through the 3 books. But it is more about the heroines growing into their own, not of them being ugly, just under appreciated. The heroes are strong and swoon worthy. It is refreshing to read historical romances that aren't just set in one time and space.
The demon curse Who is Oscar Wao and do I care?He is the peg in the novel through which the other characters and their story are hung. The epigraphs tell us of the importance of brief,nameless lives. That one person could be a nation. The book is about a real individual:nerdy,sci-fi lover,fat,virginal Oscar. This is not the coming of age story of an immigrant in America,since as it unfolds the story expands backwards into a history of the Dominican Republic:a story of mother and grandparents like ripples expanding outwards. The structure is important. The deeper into Oscar's life we push the more present his history becomes,a history he never becomes aware of,only the reader gets to assemble all the pieces. The narrator, his college friend, relates Oscar's story backwards with a nod to the the fuku curse that has stricken the family over the generations and to Oscar's living through fantasy sci-fi,The Watchmen,Lord of the Rings,X-men,dungeons- and- dragons escapism for the boy who cannot pull girls and to ward off the terror of the evils of Trujilloism. Oscar and his family live now in Paterson,New Jersey exiled from the Dominican Republic for good reasons. He is a writer and dreams of becoming the next Tolkein while falling hopelessly in and out of love. His punk sister, Lola, wants to run away, and his resolute mother,Beli, Beli can't seem to let either of them go. We get major footnotes throughout the novel recounting the ruthless brutality of the Trujillo dictatorship of 31 years. The novel is about words, as curses,,superstitiouns, spells,charms or writing. The power of words to fight the silences,the abscences,the lacunae,disappearance:our ability to construct a narrative through the imagination. Most of our history gets wiped out by the anaesthetic of the quotidian or by censorship. In the empty crater of memory of the New World our contemporary world has no Creation myths. This novel invokes through Trujillo, the myths,curses,bewitching women,sorrows,tragedies,catastrophes, torture, suffering and murder, born of his shadow. All the characters wear the mask, behind which is the United States. We are in `the Americas'and the first contact of alien races occurred in the Caribbean's `ground zero', Santo Domingo, breeding enslavement,absurdity,atrocities,mind control,bodies torn to pieces and reassembled again. Genre narratives were dealing with these darker corners of human experience,secret histories,only Trujillo escapes its wildest imaginings,being truly evil. The novel written with a blistering energy has the force of flowing lava absorbing all the argot of Spanish and street slang and the geeky references to sci-fi into a new immigrant- enriched American English. What I found less appealing was that the characters seemed more like types,archetypes and caricatures than living people and the ending although announced in the title seemed a bit too sudden. This is the novel as history. It's a truly original work.
Love this series! I love all these Sisterhood books, can't wait to read the next one!
A man's addiction to opium rarely ends well....... From the moment you read the first page you will be drawn into the dark swift flow of the books opium addicted Viscount. Ryder's spent 5 years in Newgate Gaol for a murder he didn't commit. Subjected to daily beatings and corpses left to rot within the cells, it's no wonder he becomes addicted to the opium. As the story unfolds we realize the opium benefactor is non other than his uncle- part of his plan to secure Lord Blackwoods estate while he is incarcerated. Upon his release and return to the estate, he is introduced to Jesse-his uncle Hentry's step-daughter and ward from the time she was 15. It is revealed that at that age he had her and sign a proxy marriage certificate to Ryder(Lord Blackwood)-so that Henry and his son Lewis could live off the estate while Ryder is away legally. Of course this makes Jesse Ryder's wife-legally. Ryder's immediate reaction is to assume all 3 have swindled him and from the looks of his estate impoverished him as well. As punishment he kicks out his cousin Lewis and tells Jesse he will be taking advantage of his marital rights-she will also have 30 days in his bed before she will be in prison with the others. She protests her innocence in the whole affair and tries to show him she was taking care of things the best she could. Opium, Laudnum and alcohol are never far from his reach, making it difficult for him to really see things clearly. He does not trust her and she is falling in love with him. When she starts actually making references to her absence in 30 days-he starts to feel he would rather not lose her and asks her to stay and help rid him of his addiction. (Could he be starting to care for this woman who lied and cheated her way into his life?) This woman -in whose arms he can forget the withdrawls for a while............... When she agrees-she starts to realise a few things herself-She is in love with this very bad-boy sexually- aggressive Viscount and much to her dismay-when his addiction is over-He will be a different Man &---so he will surely end their coerced marriage. The story is fluid, chatty , sensual, naughty and every scene is well set up for our passionate couple. Scottie's version of recovery from Opium spared some of the more brutal sides of addiction and I am actually glad to get more of the relationship story instead. I really liked both characters and thoroughly enjoyed their torturous banter with each other. I would have liked a longer story (selfish at heart) when I enjoy the characters I always want to spend more time with them. If you love a very dark and truely tortured (sex-exhibitionist)hero paired with a witty tough at heart surprisingly sensual naughty heroine-then this is your book. These two people were totally meant for each other..Bravo! I was happily surprised!--Thanks Scottie-I will be reading more of your books-ON a personal note * try to make them longer>
Five Stars great
Great!! I really enjoy Maggie Shayne's books!! I like her creativity and the fact that the stories make you laugh and cry and rage and the characters develop!!
Five Stars good
A quick bite I can not come up with anything new to say. This book is just as good as all the others.
Extreme Eroctic, best menage! I cannot begin to tell you how many times I have passed over this book. It just did not look that interesting and it seemed like this was the one and only book written by Samantha Cruise so it cannot be that good, can it? Boy was I ever wrong! This is the most eroctic, most sensual, most passionate, most sexiest, hottest, steamiest, most graphic book I have ever read. Did I say hot, did I say sexy, did I say extremely eroctic, then let me repeat myself again! I am not sure if Samantha Cruise has written any other books and to date I have not been able to find any but I hope she writes more books. This book was so hot that made I left my husband a very happy man! I would highly recommend this book! Great Job Ms. Cruise!
LOVE OMG I love this series!! It was so different and new that I can't wait to read the next one!!
They keep getting better and better. The Battle for Skandia is the fourth book in the Ranger's Apprentice series. My son and I have thoroughly enjoyed reading them together (they're so good that sometimes I'm tempted to keep on reading after he's gone to bed). Halt and Horace have arrived in Skandia to rescue Will and Evanlyn from slavery only to be trapped there by the advancing forces of the Temujai. Fortunately the Oberjarl recognizes that Halt's knowledge of strategy may be useful and allows our heroes to stay in Hallosholm and prepare for battle. Of all the books in this series, this is my son's favorite thus far. The preparations for war and the descriptions of the tactics used in battle are really interesting. Each of these books has left us wanting to read more about these characters, and Flanagan has done a great job of maturing them.Good, but this mom has a couple of reservations. The Icebound Land is not as fast-paced as the first two installments in this series, but the character development and the expansion of Flanagan's fantasy world are great. The Burning Bridge closes with Will and Evanlyn in a dangerous predicament. This book follows them to Skorjihil and then on to Skandia, the land of the sea raiders. Halt, devastated by the capture of his apprentice, must decide what matters most to him, and is joined by Horace on a quest to rescue his friends. I read this aloud to my son, and was concerned on a few occasions about things that were alluded to: A scantily clad woman on a busy street beckoning to Horace, and Erak's concern about what may happen to Evanlyn if found alone by Slagor's unscrupulous men. Not things I think are necessary for a nine-year-old to know about, mentioning these things wasn't important for plot development, I don't understand why they weren't edited out. The theme of addiction was dealt with well, and on a level that my son and I could discuss it. As with the first two books this was action packed and funny at times. We can't wait to read the Battle for Skandia.
HOT, HOT This was a pretty good book. The book grabs you within the first couple of chapters and gets you hooked. Very nice read that was down loaded on my kindle for FREE.
Books great--format not so great The books as always were great. I was a little disappointed in the format. There was no easy way to access each book. You had to wade through prior books to read the last one, etc. I don't think I will be buying any more bundles like this even though it is cheaper.
Four Stars Enjoyed the story and plot line. Very good read.
Lori Foster Bundle Te Buckhorn Brothers Book 1-4 Sawyer,Morgan,Gabe and Jordan can you say hot Alpha males with a sensitive heart and an awesome Momma! I loved this series, the only way to go is with the bundle! Sawyer the Dr, Morgan the Sheriff, Gabe the Handy Man and Jordan the Veterinarian. All their stories are amazing, steamy and fast reads! Can't wait to read the Buckhorn Legacy and continue the saga.The Renegade's Woman Be ready to be swept right from the start into an historical and erotic novella that grabs you from the start and never let's go. Sally Hewitt is going by wagon train out west with her sister to start a new life. She just want to make it to her new home in one piece. Things change when Arapaho Renegade Standing Bear finds her and claims her by teaching her more about pleasure that she could have ever imagined. She is a white woman who has been warned against consorting with the enemy heathens. They are just supposed to trade for goods but what is she to do now? Standing Bear claims the beautiful woman he sees but now he most deal with the consequences of his choice. Will his obsession end up costing his tribe many lives? Will history be repeated? Could he really be attracted to the enemy after all they have done? Read on and find out.
A Fast and Fun Read This was a thoroughly entertaining story! From flim-flam man to escape artist Frank weaves an incredible story that not only reveals the cleverness of a criminal mind, but also shows us our own vulnerabilities. It's good to know he's gone straight!Top Ten Archeological Finds! Great little summaries of historical discoveries around the world. The ten here are of course the author's favorites, but he makes a compelling case for each one.
From the pen of the master. (Note: This is a review of the 1968 hardcover edition of The Simple Art of Murder published by W.W. Norton & Co. There are major differences between this edition and the Black Lizard paperback depicted above. Most significantly, the 1968 version contains 4 stories the Black Lizard paperback does not.) The Simple Art of Murder is a collection of author favorites culled from short works of crime fiction by the legendary Raymond Chandler. The title, The Simple Art of Murder, is the same as that of an essay Chandler wrote in 1945. That essay, which can be found in this book, is a distillation of the author's views on the contemporary state of detective fiction, its future and its limitations. Whether you agree or disagree with the conclusions it presents, you will find it highly valuable reading, as it explains why and how Chandler wrote as he did. All twelve stories (remember, this is the 1968 edition) are good and some are great. Though one of them, Goldfish, takes place mostly in Washington State, they all bring to life the dark, grittiness of Los Angeles' criminal netherworld. Finger Man, Goldfish, Red Wind and Trouble is My Business all feature the legendary private eye Phillip Marlowe. These are the 4 stories missing from the Black Lizard edition. Nevada Gas differs from the rest of the stories in this collection in that the main character is not an investigator but rather a gambler named Johnny De Ruse. Except for the gentlemanly Walter Gage (Pearls are a Nuisance) all the protagonists of the remaining non-Marlowe stories are very Marlowe-like in personality. In fact, Johnny Dalmas (Smart-Aleck Kill) seems to differ from Phillip Marlowe in name only. One of the best stories in The Simple Art Murder is Pick-Up on Noon Street. In it, Pete Anglisch, a narcotics detective deep undercover, rescues a vulnerable young woman caught up in a complex blackmail scheme. The captivating Red Wind is also very strongly written. Just like the Phillip Marlowe novels which brought Chandler his well deserved fame, these hardboiled shorter works are characterized by great dialogue and very effective descriptive passages. Reading this collection gives one an appreciation for the intelligence and craftsmanship Raymond Chandler applied to his writing. Highly recommended.
Good book This book was an exciting book. I would recommend this book to others. I would read more of these ebooks
Series is maturing, Most reviewers just recap a book, same as the editors description does. Makes me wonder if they are paid reviewers instead of honest readers. I just liked this book a lot. In the first book, I thought the story was good and characters interesting while the writing was probably by a new inexperienced author. But each book has gotten better, the characters are developing and the wordsmiths skills are improving. It's as if the author's writing skills are growing as his characters are growing. This book adds delemmas that come with growing up in the interpersonal relationships of the main characters. Plus its a fun read! I can see the influence of some of my favorite legends like "The Green Knight" and other knight of the round table type tales. I am going to buy the paperbacks for my nephews and am going to go on with the series. I am really liking this series.
EXCELENTE This ebook is very readable,
Enjoyable steamy read I don't generally read historical erotica, however, I'd certainly be tempted to try more after this. The synopsis tells you all you need to know about the story. I will say that I found this to be a quick enjoyable read that I'd happily call a page turner. Ryder Braddock isn't your typical heroine, given his addictions but I couldn't help but like him. Jessie is also a more than likeable heroine who has a great sassy personality. I would liked to have seen their emotional relationship develop deeper but their sexual chemistry was great and led to some pretty steamy moments. I enjoyed the darker elements of the story and reading about Ryder's struggle in prison and his battle with opium addiction. I would have liked the storyline with Ryder's uncle to have been expanded on and felt the author could have used this element of the story to tap into a lot more suspense and drama. All in all I enjoyed this read - 3.5 stars I was gifted a copy of this book in exchange for an honest review.
The Ritual Bath I wasn't sure if I would enjoy this book as I know very little about Jewish community. Although the language is unknown to me the story was great. Being Jewish is more than a religion it is a race of people. I have enjoyed reading this book very much and hope to learn more.
worth every star!! this series is awesome and i will give every book 5 stars!! loved it, you cant help but fall in love with the charactersamazing as usual this series is amazing there is no doubt about it!!! I love it, its very addictive and the story flows so nicely from one book to the next
My Drug of Choice is Ranger's Apprentice Once again, another great edition in the Ranger's Apprentice series. As I've written in my reviews of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Ruins-of-Gorlan-The-Ranger-s-Apprentice-Book-1/dp/0142406635/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Ruins of Gorlan (The Ranger's Apprentice, Book 1)</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Burning-Bridge-The-Ranger-s-Apprentice-Book-2/dp/0142408425/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Burning Bridge (The Ranger's Apprentice, Book 2)</a>, this is a series for all ages, not just young adults (hence me being in my 30's and not being able to put these books down). Having been captured by the Skandians in book 2, Will and Evanlyn face substantial challenges. First, they need to survive the trip. Once they arrive, they will have to face their fate as overworked slaves. In the mean time, Halt, who shows more of an emotional side, goes off the deep end since the loss of his apprentice and ends up being banished. Taking advantage of no longer having his ranger duties, he sets out after Will and is accompanied by Horace (who received secret permission to join him). The continued character development is great. Again, you see more of a human side of Halt as he himself realizes just how much Will meant to him. It is amazing how far Horace has come, from the brat he was at the beginning of the first book to the highly mature, loyal, and dedicated Knight's apprentice. Jarl (captain) Erak, the one who captured will and Evanlyn, proves that he is more than just some savage viking knock-off, but a man of honor. This book is yet another page turner in the series. I'm looking forward to continuing to book 4.
Five Stars Great book!
Very good! I read it in a couple of hours, I couldn't put it down. Loved it! Will look for more from this author.
The Secret Lives of Bees Marvelous book. I enjoyed it so much. A pleasant and easy read. The best part was relationships between the people.
OK paper, interesting. I think the charge for this should be lower since it does not include Sundays or holidays and there are not very many articles. The writing is good though and I do enjoy reading them.News This is probably OK for local SF news, but very skimpy on national and world news. It also seems like there are not very many articles, but maybe the Kindle version is watered down. I doubt that I will continue it for very long.
Love it compact and easy to read love the layout easy to read when you are on the go. Just enough news without too much editorializing. thanks
Dominican Lesson Mixed with Fiction [P 2008] Junot Diaz's fictional rendition of Oscar de Leon actually instills a deep and vividly grotesque account of the Dominican Republic's ultimate Diablo - Trujillo Molena. And, from his atrocities come numerous De Leon family tragedies - grandfather, grandmother, two aunts, mother, and ultimately - but more distantly - Oscar. Commencing this reading, I stood no differently than my American counterpart: I knew nothing about Dominican history. As Diaz tells us in his first footnote, "For those who missed your mandatory two seconds of Dominican history,: Trujillo . . . ruled the Dominican Republic between 1930 and 1961 with an implacable ruthless brutality." Not too much later, we discern he is a mini-Hitler with a latin libido. The chortling chubby, and grotesquely ambivalent to human emotion dictator apparently jumps on the island's best muchachas bones as they enter puberty. No exceptions to this rule. And, that creates much of the trouble of the "family." Drowning in poverty and fuk-laden travails [the word fuk will be described below], the De Leon family watches the youngest, the simplest, the nicest of the clan also become a victim to fuk's character-scarring torture. Oscar, beholden to all that is good, smiles even though the curse is aimed directly at he and his spirit. And, as the fuk obliterates, his sister opines," . . Ten Million Trujillos is all we are." Diaz tells this story like any expatriate from the Dominican may. Weaving his Spanish with English, and weaving each with classic use wand their naturally evolved slang, this book resonates of authentic Dominican flare. Trujillo is called many uncomplimentary things on the book's many pages - sometimes in English and sometimes in Spanish. Anectdotal sayings abound in this book - often in Spanish, often in Dominican pejorative patois, and often in English. Some reviewers, I noticed, dislike the book's plentiful usage of Spanish. Feeling lost, they are understandably frustrated. Being a Miamian, I understand most of the street language. Note, my knowledge is minimal. This is not high class or deeply unique usage of foreign language. Fowles use of French in "The Magus", Joyce's use of Latin in "Portrait of a Young Man as an Artist" or so many of the Oxford-educated writers' reliance on French and Latin actually can be interpreted as more cumbersome, more difficult to discern. And, to be compared to those writers tells most anyone that this is one very talented writer of the 21st century who should not be ignored. Sometimes, foreign words' homonymic relationship to our own can lead to deceiving and deceitful connotations. In this book, curse is translated as a fuk. Of course, if you mumbled the same in English, it would not mean a curse, but would be interpreted as a spoken curse. Cute portmanteau. Sometimes, jumping in and out of the languages creates a unique rhythm. This book has its own rhythm, one not experienced in either language alone. That is part of the magic. That is part of the charm. This is, in many respects, a cacophony of latin sounds blending with English language over an entirely Caribbean topic. You can almost taste the food, hear the speakers, smell the ocean and barrios, dance to the congas, and be lured by the colorful attire suffused against the tan or even black flesh. This reader was overwhelmed by the strength of this novel and would never question why it won the Pulitzer Prize for fiction in 2008.A Gathering of the Self The title of this book may deceive and yet lead the reader to the correct assumption. A large family congregates around the body of a beloved brother of the narrator, Veronica Hegarty, who visually and mentally reviews portions of her, of their, of every Hegarty's life - and how they entangle with certain confrontations with Lambert Nugent - someone who has been a lover, a landlord and a molester of the family members. Who is "gathering" is not so much the family, but Veronica's memories. She is trying to gather her self, to see why her brother Liam died, and why he died the way he did. In the beginning, intricate details of the sexual frustrations or abnormalities experienced by the middle-aged female narrator can be deemed at times as, "more information than this reader wants to know." But, as the book progresses and the details of Nugent's sexual exploits with and to the members of the family become revealed, we realize that she, like the other Hegarties, have become perversely affected by the Nugent influence and constantly pervasive attendance at the familial premises. Focusing almost exclusively around the events within a fortnight of the death of brother Liam (with recollections scouring decades of family history), Veronica realizes at the very beginning,"There is something wonderful about a death, how everything shuts down, and all the ways you thought you were vital are not even vaguely important." Her children and husband can survive without her - leading her to think of suicidal thoughts (They don't need me anyway). But, as you read further, suicide is not only a depressing concept to this family, but is the main reason for the family gathering at the brother Liam's wake. And, as the large family congregates for the wake, she realizes that the family has cliques and more within its foundation. "We do not always like the people we love - we do not always have that choice." "We are born to love the people we otherwise would not care to know." During the ultra-depressing period of grieving's beginning, parts of Veronica's heart become encrusted. They lose life. Veronica Hegarty becomes distant from her husband, Tom. Not intentionally, but from her brother's death she loses a part of something. She is another "mad housewife" - or at least temporarily so. At times Veronica's character of being the good housewife seeking to "leave it all" reminds me of Michael Cunningham's Laura Brown (played in the movie by Julianne Moore) whose storyline centers on her efforts to escape an airless marriage in California in 1949. And, the end is somewhat similar. If you like "<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Hours/dp/0312305060/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Hours</a>", I would fathom to bet you will like this novel. Anne Enright is an extremely gifted writer who made this difficult-to-write novel very easy to read. And, in this jumping about, nonlinear narrative account of the past histories of the large Hegarty clan, making the book simple to read is true artistry.
excellent read Sue Monk Kidd has shown us the way to be strong women, by being together, sharing each other's burdens and joys. I was awed by August and her intelligent insight into the human condition. I am looking forward to reading more from Sue.
Five Stars Great product, fast delivery.
Five Stars ordered for school
Reads Like Fiction - Donald Westlake Fans Will Love It! An absolutely remarkable story from a time long past. Imagine the days when air travel was still glamorous, paperwork was actually done on paper and everyone seemed to put complete trust in appearances. Throw in a con man who was 10 years ahead of his time and you've got a remarkable true story which has you rooting for the villain, even though you know you shouldn't. I was constantly reminded of Donald Westlake's fictional character John Dortmunder or the recurring Parkerverse character, Alan Grofield. This non fiction book is so entertaining and wild, it could easily be a biography of these awesome fictional characters. Highly recommend, fast, couldn't-put-down read. I can't wait to see the movie version.
All he ever wanted was too much At the turn of the 19th century into the 20th, 30-year-old, Thrupps College teacher Nicholas Van Tassel is involved in a restaurant fire. Also a victim is Etna Bliss, visiting niece of a fellow professor. Assisting her and her aunt home, the usual staid and controlled Nicholas is so smitten, he courts and asks Etna to marry him. She turns him down. He's distraught. Startled and flattered by his reaction, Etna accepts his proposal for she can't believe a man could love her so. Thus the love affair is one-sided from the beginning. The marriage goes on an even keel with Nicholas accepting that Etna has less passion for him than he for her. They have two children. She throws herself into volunteer work. Then he discovers she has purchased a cottage and has been going there on days he thought she was doing charity work. Etna's excuse is that she wishes a refuge, a place to escape from her everyday life for a while but Nicholas refuses to believe it. When a visiting professor from Yale is discovered to be the brother of a man Etna had a love affair with when she was younger, and is also in the running to be named Dean at Thrupps, a position Nicholas covets, his jealousy erupts. Philip Asher and Etna renew their friendship, making Nicholas view the younger man as a competitor for his wife's affection, and the fact that Asher is a Jew makes the insult greater. Forcing his teenage daughter to be his accomplice, Nicholas formulates a plan to rid himself of his rival, both from his wife's life and the position at the college... The story, with its overtones of racial prejudice, are told in flashback as Nicholas makes a train journey to Florida, showing too late the extent of his guilt and his love, as well as his repentance for what he has done. While Nicholas' obsession with Etna isn't the bloodthirsty, murderous kind, it still has enough of a hold that even thirty years later, when the story is told, his passion, so tightly controlled except on this one subject, still breaks through. It is the story of a man not expecting to find such a burning emotion for a woman, allowing it to secretly influence him to such an extent that he'll ruin an innocent man's reputation to get her back. Nicholas succeeds in his attempt but fails at the same time for his victory is a bitter one. What he does forever clouds his life, as well as Etna's, Asher's, and his two children's. This novel is owned by the reviewer and no remuneration was involved in the writing of this review.
The Ritual Bath Faye Kellerman has done it again. What a compelling read. The characters are so believable, who wouldn't fall in love with Rina,such a strong willed person. I would recommend this book to anyone who loves a compelling mystery.
KILLING FEAR - Prison Break Trilogy Book 1 PLEASE NOTE: It looks like Amazon has the reviews for (3) of Allison Brennan's books "Killing Fear" "Sudden Death" and "See No Evil" all mixed together for some reason. Its a real mess, so I just wanted to make a note of it to help avoid confusion. This review is for KILLING FEAR... Seven years ago, Theodore Glenn was convicted of murdering four women and vowed revenge against those he held responsible for his incarceration. After a natural disaster occurs at San Quentin prison where he's being held, he escapes and heads south to begin his killing spree. Robin McKenna is a former stripper, current business owner, and the woman whose testimony helped put Glenn behind bars. Her ex-lover, Detective Will Hooper was the arresting officer, and both are on the top of this vicious and manipulative killer's hit list. First off, though this is book one in the Prison Break Trilogy, Ms. Brennan puts a lot of cross-over characters into her novels. Will Hooper actually made multiple appearances in the No Evil Trilogy, and for that reason I'd suggest reading 'Speak No Evil' first, which is his partner's story. Even better, I'd recommend reading all her stories chronologically since each one is thrilling in its own right and there are so many people you'll recognize from previous books. No worries though if you'd prefer not to, as this can definitely be read as a standalone. Killing Fear was a thrilling read which immediately grabbed my attention. At the start of this story I had a super hard time putting it down and figured it was a a five-star book for sure. However, although it was fast paced and never boring, I never really felt connected to either Will or Robin's characters. Glenn on the other hand, was a truly chilling individual whose obsession with Robin gave me the creeps. In the end I thought it was a very compelling romantic suspense, one I'm happy to have read and would easily recommend.No Evil Trilogy Book 2 - An Unpredictable Romantic Thriller Although this is the second book in Ms. Brennan's No Evil Trilogy and the story line can completely stand alone, because of all the connecting characters I'd highly recommend reading the series in order: (1) Speak No Evil (2) See No Evil (3) Fear No Evil When San Diego's assistant district attorney, Julia Chandler, learns her niece is suspected of murdering her stepfather, she's determined to do any and everything she can to prove her innocence. To that end she hires private eye Connor Kincaid, the man who helped Emily once before but who blames Julia for losing his job as a police officer. Working together they discover a string of murders, all connecting to an online therapy group. Just when Julia and Connor think they've figured it out there's another murder which proves otherwise. Julia however has been asking too many questions and making someone nervous. If they can't uncover the truth soon, she may be this twisted group's next chosen victim. This book started out good but by the halfway point I hated whenever I was forced to put it down. Early on I thought I had the instigator figured out but I was wrong and I never did suspect who was leading this group of young killers. The plot was utterly unpredictable and had a lot going on which constantly kept me on my toes. I loved both Julia and Connor who had some history and hard feelings, but who also had an undeniable connection. Their chemistry and passion was breathtaking and I absolutely adored them as a couple. Getting into the minds of these young killers was frightening and often gruesome too. Overall it was a very graphic but gripping read and I can't wait for Dillon Kincaid's book next!THE KILL - The Predator Trilogy Book 3 Well, this was an emotionally engaging read although it was my least favorite of the trilogy. That's entirely due to the subject matter though which revolves around the kidnapping, rape and murder of 9-11 year old little girls. Needless to say, as a mother and aunt I had a difficult time dealing with some of the scenes. However, the writing was excellent as always, and had me bawling on a couple of occasions. This is the third and last in a series and can absolutely standalone, but I'd highly recommend 'The Prey' and most especially 'The Hunt' since the couple from that story play a large part in this one. I liked Zack and Olivia, though I had a harder time connecting with her character because of the aloofness she projected. The romance didn't seem to truly take root until the final quarter of the story, but I wound up really loving them as a couple. The ending was satisfying and although the serial child murderer gets his just reward, I felt a little conflicted over how it came about. Overall, if you can stomach the disturbing content you'll probably really enjoy this thrilling but also heart wrenching romantic suspense!
Sexy, Sensual, Sizzling! Jennie Lucas is a rising star and she certainly demonstrates it her December release of The Greek Billionaire's Baby Revenge. The book begins on an almost violent note when Anna Rostoff and her sister realize that Nikos Stavrakis, Anna's ex-lover and father of her baby has come all the way to Russia and has taken possession of her infant son. Nikos is one determined father, he will have and raise his son and he's angry, angry that he has for months been deprived of his son and silently angry that his mistress Anna left him. He wants revenge, he wants his son and most of all he desires and is determined that he and Anna will marry and raise their son together. How will he convince her? Your heart will stop as you read about this very sexy and determined man's plan, a plan to have that family of his own, to be the father he himself had never had. However, his plan did not include love because Nikos believed to love would make him weak! Anna can't believe Nikos wants to marry her. How can he think it would work when she left him months before because she thought he was having an affair with his new secretary? Anna had once been Nikos PA and loved the job and working for him. She didn't count on falling in love with him, becoming his mistress and expecting his baby. When she found out she was pregnant, everything changed.....Nikos insisted she quit her job and stay at home until the baby was born. When she thought he was having an affair, she left and had her baby on her own. There are other issues involved as well.......her father had worked for Nikos and one learns later that he stole from Nikos, was badly in debt and also owed money to a family friend and Anna's past employer, Victor. To top it off, Anna's mother has also been borrowing money from Victor and the debt is astronomical. In the end, many lessons are learned by both Niko and Anna as to what really matters in life......mainly love and family. The Greek Billionaire's Baby Revenge is action packed, very sensual and passionate, an all around outstanding and exceedingly pleasing read, one the reader will remember for a long time.
Shreve once again proves her place as a bestselling author Now in his senior years, Nicholas Van Tassel travels on a train from New England to Florida for the burial of his sister, while writing the memoirs of his ruined life. He begins years earlier with the fire --- the fire that would set his fate. As crowds escape a hotel blaze, Van Tassel spots a riveting woman under a lamppost. "There was about her a quality of stillness that was undeniably arresting, and if I close my eyes now," he recalls, "here in this racketing compartment, I can travel back in time more than three decades and see her unmoving form amidst the nearly hysterical crowd." From the start, Shreve sets up the initial sighting of Etna Bliss as something beyond normal attraction. Van Tassel tells us "my desire for this unknown woman was so immediate and keen and inappropriate that it quite startled me." In hindsight, Van Tassel describes his passion as capable of eroding and enhancing character --- in equal measure --- and yet it is the sentence about erosion that is most telling of things to come: "The erosion the result of the willingness to do whatever is necessary to obtain the object of one's desire, even if it means engaging in lies or deception or debasing what was once treasured." Enamored, Van Tassel pursues the aloof Etna immediately and with vigor. He ingratiates his way into her life, which is easy to do in the small quiet town where he has made his life and where there is little else to entertain or distract Etna. A seemingly harmless type --- professorial by vocation and character --- he is, by his own account, loyal and disciplined, even, ironically, when visiting the less savory neighborhood of Springfield, Massachusetts for trysts with women of some reputation. Etna proves to be a formidable mystery, but Van Tassel, who is obsessed, perseveres. They ultimately wed and have children, but Etna remains distant and impenetrable, and Van Tassel suspects that she has known love before him, though he dare not ask. Instead, he lets his jealousy fester. Eventually Etna's past comes to light and collides with Van Tassel's need to totally possess her. A grand scale betrayal ensues, wreaking destruction and devastation on all involved. Shreve peppers the story with the telltale detail she has come to be known for. Set in the last 19th and early 20th centuries, Van Tassel and Ms. Bliss engage in a proper courtship of afternoon teas, walks in the park and the exchange of books. All the while Van Tassel's desire grows, consumes and seethes below the surface. Shreve is one of those rare great authors who is equally at ease writing about any period. One sees the clothes, the furniture and the architecture in lively, captivating detail. Even in sharing his want, Shreve shows the reserve appropriate of the time: "Had it been at all within the realm of possibility, I would have crossed the distance between us and forced her face to mine. I would have dug my hand into the small of her back so that she was pressed hard against me. I would have lifted her skirts and run my hand along her thigh and tucked my fingers into her stocking. I would have done all those things, and perhaps she saw this, for she drew herself together in an instant, as if she had plunged her wrists into icy water. Of course, I did nothing, but I cannot help but wonder what might have happened between us had I been bold enough to touch her then." Such restraint is palpably evident throughout the book --- and rightly so. It is the tenor of the time and Shreve is a master of time. The acclaimed talents evident in WEIGHT OF WATER, THE PILOT'S WIFE and Shreve's other works are on full display in ALL HE EVER WANTED. She takes us to another time period with evocative language, in a rich and complex story. Shreve plumbs the depth of desire and love and jealousy in intimate and immediate detail, once again proving her place as a bestselling author. --- Reviewed by Roberta O'HaraIssues Resolved, Issues Engendered The people who read last year's BLIND ALLEY by Iris Johansen were no doubt intrigued by the number of loose, tantalizing threads left unresolved at the conclusion of that work. They --- and Johansen fans in general --- will be pleased to find that her latest book resolves a number of the issues left open in BLIND ALLEY while creating a couple of new ones for future novels to deal with. COUNTDOWN occurs some four years after the events of BLIND ALLEY. Jane MacGuire, now a 21-year-old college student, is a success by any definition as she juggles work, education, friends, and family with equal aplomb. She is still haunted, however, by the memory of the intriguing, enigmatic, and dangerous Mark Trevor. When an attempted kidnapping of MacGuire ends unsuccessfully, but nonetheless tragically, Trevor makes a sudden and dramatic return into MacGuire's life. Trevor, for the sake of MacGuire's safety, spirits her away to an ancient, brooding castle in Scotland, where the two of them must confront their unresolved and unrefined feelings for each other while dealing with the dangers of the outside world. MacGuire also finds that renewed contact with Trevor results in a resumption of the enigmatic haunting dreams that previously had troubled her. These dreams involve a woman named Cira, a proud slave of the Roman Empire who seems to lie at the heart of a mystery that spans two millenniums and that involves a treasure of immeasurable historical and monetary wealth. As in BLIND ALLEY, Trevor is aligned against those who feel that MacGuire holds the key to the mystery of the treasure's whereabouts. But the stakes are much higher in COUNTDOWN. One of the treasure seekers has entered into a mutual aid agreement with terrorists who threaten the United States. MacGuire and Trevor ultimately find themselves in a race against time and distance as they leave safety and security to bring the battle home --- and to hopefully solve the mystery of Cira's treasure. Fans of BLIND ALLEY will be thrilled with COUNTDOWN. The novel fully comes to terms with the relationship between Trevor and MacGuire, while leaving the possibility of more --- or less --- between them open for the future. There also is an extremely interesting development concerning MacGuire's heritage coming totally out of left field that provides a possible key to the dreams that have haunted her for so long. Johansen therefore simultaneously satisfies readers who were seeking resolution of issues left open at the end of BLIND ALLEY while leaving them wanting more after COUNTDOWN. This is an enviable position for an author, and one that Johansen is sure to utilize to its fullest in future books. --- Reviewed by Joe HartlaubA historical fiction novel that brings to life one the Civil War's lesser-known battles In November of 1864 the Civil War is close to its end. But a fierce battle is about to take place in Franklin, Tennessee, pitting loyal Confederate soldiers against a staunch Union Army that greatly outnumbers them. An outlaying plantation named Carnton belongs to John and Carrie McGavock. General Nathan Bedford Forrest orders the house and grounds to become a hospital for the anticipated wounded and dying. Mrs. McGavock is reclusive because she grieves for her three children, dead in the recent past. She is unwilling to turn her home into a respite for any army, but the General is firm in his demand. More than 9,000 men die on the battlefield at Franklin in the following days. The Confederacy is near its demise; its loss at Franklin is a step closer to eventual surrender at Appomattox Courthouse. Carrie's close friend and former slave, Mariah, stands beside her for support when hundreds of broken bodies are brought to Carnton. In historical memory, perhaps Franklin is not a formidable one. But Robert Hicks writes its story and brings to life the men who fought, healed or died there. The romantic interest in THE WIDOW OF THE SOUTH is between two unlikely personalities --- Carrie McGavock and a Confederate Sergeant named Zachariah Cashwell. He's severely wounded and transported to Carnton; Carrie finds him a compelling patient and yearns to know him better. She's instrumental in saving his life but cannot keep him under Carnton's protective wing when soldiers in gray are herded like cattle to Union prison camps. Franklin's rural residents, some in abject poverty and others in comfortable homesteads, provide a colorful panorama of lives affected by civil war. Side plots involve townspeople whose lives will change forever. The grieving widow takes strength from the men who have resided within her house, however short their time. Carnton's halls are filled with activity, then abruptly emptied. But she cannot forget those who died at Carnton. She begins a correspondence with families of the dead to provide relatives with knowledge about boys they've lost, eventually leading to their reburial on her land. She wears black in memory of them all. Hicks's chapters are laid out much the same as those written by Jeff Shaara in his compelling Civil War books. Sections are titled by characters whose points of view are explored within, or by dates that story actual wartime timelines. Some are written in first person, others in third person, but the book flows forward in an easy read that catches readers' attention throughout. Will Baylor, Franklin's elitist businessman, is a stubborn anti-war zealot who sacrifices his only son rather than accept the boy's passion for the cause. In addition, the son has dared to fall in love with a girl whose family lives in poverty. Baylor's whims affect the fates of the entire populace, ultimately changing the stance that Carrie takes against him. THE WIDOW OF THE SOUTH is the product of Hicks's research about Franklin, in particular the restoration of the Carnton plantation as a historical site, home to the cemetery Carrie McGavock built to honor the thousands of dead who lost their lives at Franklin, Tennessee. Relationships between Carrie, husband John, Mariah and her son Eli, and Zachariah Cashwell are fictional, but the reality of the battle and the losses sustained by the Confederacy are fact. Promotional material compares THE WIDOW OF THE SOUTH to the likes of GONE WITH THE WIND and DR. ZHIVAGO. I would not classify Hicks's book with such lofty classics, but I do recommend it as a historical novel with enthralling personalities. --- Reviewed by Judy GigstadHighly recommended! A family curse, a tropical island, a love-stricken underdog, a kind and beautiful woman with a torrid past: it sounds like the setup for a typical romance novel. But while Junot Diaz's long-awaited THE BRIEF WONDROUS LIFE OF OSCAR WAO is romantic in its own way, this book is anything but typical. There may be a fuk, a curse, on the De Leon family; it sure seems that Oscar de Leon is living under one. Nerdy, overweight and socially awkward, Oscar lives with his fierce mother Belicia and his smart and lovely sister Lola. Unlike all the other Dominican men he knows, Oscar has no game with women. He falls in love again and again, but girls who aren't repelled by him see him only as a friend and someone to confide in about their own love lives. As Oscar's lonely tale unfolds, readers are taken back two generations to when his family lived in the Dominican Republic under the violent dictator Trujillo. Oscar's grandfather, Abelard, spends the last years of his life as a broken and literally tortured man in prison for not turning over his daughter to Trujillo. Abelard's third daughter, Belicia, is born after his imprisonment and soon sold into virtual slavery. She is eventually tracked down by her father's cousin, a wise widow called La Inca. La Inca finds Belicia defiant after years of abuse, and she soon grows into a gorgeous young woman. The two do their best under the oppressive government and are even prospering until Belicia falls in love with a powerful gangster and gets pregnant. Belicia's dreams of love are shattered, and so is her body, as the gangster's goons beat her to the edge of death and leave her in a cane field. Angry and mourning the loss of her unborn baby, Belicia leaves the Dominican Republic, taking the fuk with her. Years later, as a grown man back in the Dominican Republic and in love with La Inca's neighbor, Oscar feels the full weight of the fuk. But will his final act of love break the family from the curse's power? Will his future niece, Lola's daughter, be spared the sorrow and pain of the fuk? Either way, Oscar risks it all to love and to finally feel love in return. Diaz's novel is sassy and wise, sharp and poignant. Oscar is a charming loser and his story is both heart-wrenching and hilarious. The three main female characters --- Belicia, Lola and La Inca --- are strong and passionate, and while Oscar falls for interesting women, they pale in comparison to the three he grew up with. There are compelling male characters also, not in the least the narrator who knows Oscar and his family well. Diaz writes in a natural vernacular, freely using Spanish and Dominican slang without translation or apology. It is only occasionally distracting (if you don't know Spanish) but still the story flows well and his meaning is always clear. He also explores much Dominican history and culture (often employing the footnotes so popular in fiction right now) firmly setting Oscar's life in the Dominican diaspora. OSCAR WAO is full of sci-fi and fantasy references, especially Tolkien's THE LORD OF THE RINGS. Diaz explains Oscar's life the way Oscar would, full of clever puns and illusions to the one ring and Mordor. However, the narrator has a distinct voice of his own --- a street dialect both crass and keen. Diaz's novel is fun and serious, broad in scope yet intimate. This unique and delightful tale is highly recommended. --- Reviewed by Sarah Rachel EgelmanA "hard to put down" book whose characters will draw you in Charles Baxter's new novel, SAUL AND PATSY, may be the longest short story ever written. Based on two of his previous stories --- "Saul and Patsy are Getting Comfortable in Michigan" from THROUGH THE SAFETY NET and "Saul and Patsy are Pregnant" from A RELATIVE STRANGER --- the novel greatly expounds the title characters' lives and further explores themes of irony and sentimentality across more than 300 pages, yet by virtue of its vivid characters, incredibly targeted prose and insights into married life, SAUL AND PATSY asks to be read like a short story --- in one sitting. It lacks any suspense, but it is still hard to put down. And reading that last page is akin to saying good-bye to old college friends, who stopped by for an all-too-short visit. Saul Bernstein, a Jewish history teacher originally from Baltimore, and Patsy Carlson, a dancer from Chicago, have recently moved to the town of Five Oaks, Michigan --- one of the many "dusty, luckless midwestern cities tucked away inside the folds of the map" --- out of Saul's youthful idealism: he wants to bring high education to the plains of rural America, to reverse the simpleness of middle-class life. It's an unrealistic, outsized, almost elitist dream, but it's also one of the few things about which he feels sincerely. Yet, as a well-educated Jew in a small midwestern town, he feels hopelessly out of place and unable to relate to his students or even his neighbors. For the novel's first chapter, Baxter reworks and updates "Saul and Patsy Are Getting Comfortable in Michigan," which ended with an ambiguous car crash, leaving readers with no sign of whether or not the couple survived. In fact, they walk away more or less unscathed to build a home together and begin a family, gradually growing increasingly, if not perfectly, comfortable in their adopted hometown. When Saul is assigned to teach a remedial writing course, a student named Gordy Himmelman develops an odd fixation on him and Patsy, yet his intentions are unknowable, his motivation a mystery. "On Gordy, blankness had a certain eloquence," Baxter writes. "The boy was profoundly blank." Yet he passively propels the novel's minimal plot, first as a curious stalker who stands under a tree in their front yard for hours at a time, then as a ghost who inspires rebellion in the town's susceptible teenagers. As this story unfolds, Baxter also introduces us to Saul and Patsy's friends and neighbors --- the McPhees, a couple just out of high school who seem to thrive on "midwestern earnestness"; Saul's widowed mother, who has a scandalous affair with a younger man; and his handsome brother Howie, a tech millionaire whose life may not be as blessed as Saul assumes. All of these characters pop in and out of Saul and Patsy's life, but the one thing that remains constant is its setting. SAUL AND PATSY is a Midwestern pastoral: Baxter evokes a Michigan whose flatness holds a "sensual loneliness" and whose cities are losing their personalities through the ups and downs of the industries that created them. Like Terre Haute, Duluth, Flint, Grand Forks, or dozens of other similar --- and actual --- municipalities, Five Oaks is one of those "cities you had heard of but couldn't quite picture, cities that called nothing in particular to mind except for an eagerness to be larger and more prosperous than they were, and an all-consuming late-stage boosterism that was mostly insecurity and worry masked by bluster." Even as Saul and Patsy get comfortable in Michigan, Michigan is becoming an increasingly uncomfortable place to live. Even though he intends this novel to register on a state and even regional level, Baxter maintains the story's focus on its title characters and on their "plain old married love." It has an amiably small, domestic scope, which certainly is no limitation, especially in the hands of a writer who is as fearlessly playful and fiercely intelligent as Baxter. Rather, SAUL AND PATSY is wonderfully and magically life-size. --- Reviewed by Stephen M. Deusner
Fun and sexy Loved it. Light and humorous and lightly sexy...
Great read. There's an enigma of fascists going around and downvoting anything that is remotely anti fascist. This book is an amazing read. I really recommend it. Even if you disagree you have to realize that it was a different time when the working class was stomped on by the elites. More so than today.Don't listen to the fascists who have come here only ... Don't listen to the fascists who have come here only to bash the words of Marx. They don't even know the words. These people have not read this book (which is depressing because it's a really short read). I read this for class and while I don't consider myself a communist it definitely has won me over on new views for the state, and class warfare.
The beginning, yay! The start of a great funny series. Once I read this book, I wanted more! I find myself looking forward to each book. I want to be an Argeneau!!
Five Stars Very good
Good Enjoyed this book and will read more from this writer,have read other books and will read more. Very good story line.
Enlightening A great way to get the Brit side of the political coin. Be a Yankee in King Arthurs Court....read what they write about our presidential candidates. I do not know what the Brits think....but this Yank gets a kick out of their Sunday Times.
Informative Wanted to have it to know how to combat it~
Shreve at her very best! One of my favorite books of 2003! Like Fortune's Rocks and Sea Glass, All He Ever Wanted by Anita Shreve is a book filled with wonderful characters set against a historical background of social mores and traditions. And as she did in he previous historical novels, the author offers her readers a wonderful novel and one that left me wishing for another book by Anita Shreve. All He Ever Wanted begins during a fire when Nicholas Van Tassel, a professor at a small college in New Hampshire, spots a young woman and accompanies her home that evening. Almost immediately Nicholas becomes besotted with the woman Ms. Etna Bliss and begins courting her. From this point of the narrative, Shreve moves the scene to a time many years later as Nicholas recounts the story of his love for Etna on a train as he is bound for his sister's funeral in Florida. At this point Shreve becomes almost a modern day Edith Wharton as through Nicholas we come to learn about his views of society in the early 1900's through 1930. As readers, we watch as Nicholas becomes further obsessed with Etna, thwarts a rival for a competitive position at the college and eventually comes under scrutiny for a transgression he did many years before. And as these events are taking place we also watch as Nicholas' and Etna's relationship begins to spiral out of control and wonder how this will all be resolved. For in the end all Nicholas ever wanted is the love of Etna. I highly recommend this book to those readers who have enjoyed Anita Shreve in the past and for those who may want to read her for the first time. The author has a wonderful ability to put her readers right between the pages of the book. In addition the narrative evokes the language and society of the 1900's. Shreve has done an excellent job of describing these events from the point of view of a man deeply in love and this book makes for a very worthwhile read. I enjoyed it so much that I rated it among my ten top favorite reads for 2003.
The Battle is on for Fun I have started this series on the advice - to my 13 yr old - of my 14 yr old nephew. I wanted to read it first and see what kind of book it was and if it was appropriate for him. I find myself thoroughly enjoying this series rather than just screening it for my son. The action is tense and riveting in this book. The main characters use intelligence and ingenuity to meet the overwhelming and seemingly insurmountable odds that face them. There are so many twists and turns and Halt, Will, Horace, Evanlyn & Erak step up to the challenge with their usual tenacity, sense of humor and strength of character. John Flannagan writes with a wit and charm that captures the imagination of young and old alike, my son's young and my old. I find myself speeding through the series looking forward to the next book. I am lucky I got into it a little late so there are a few books to catch up until I am waiting with the rest of the world. I am enchanted by these books and more than willing for all of my children to endulge their fantasy reading with them. Great read and highly recommended for all ages.
Ama-a-a-a-a-a-azing !!! I gave this a five star rating because it is well written, and the reality of the content is simply amazing!!! It staggers the imagination that someone could be this young, this inexperienced, get away with so much for so long -- and now be free to write about it! He is indeed a lot smarter than the average crook, and repeatedly demonstrated a remarkable ability to think on his feet under the tightest of circumstances. The author doesn't attempt to defend himself, or even minimize what he did. It's admirable that he has so completely turned his life around, and ultimately made something very bad into something so helpful to society. Note: After reading about the modern day state of barbaric French prisons, it has given me a whole new outlook on the French and they're position on life, justice, even world politics. Whoa-a-a!
Five Stars Classic!
Five Stars Excellent!!
Great ending I wish I had known about this series before I started this book...it was so good, I gotta go back to #1.
Pretty good action story with fine 3-dimensional character When she's kicked out of the military academy, Kylara (Ky) Vatta is quickly assigned to be Captain of one of her family's aging merchant ships. The journey will keep her out of the public eye, and give the Vatta family a chance to see what Ky can do on her own. Although Ky had been certain she would pursue a career in the military, she quickly turns to the family creed of making money. Unfortunately for Ky, a civil war in the system where she goes to pick up agricultural machinery and problems with her faster-than-light drive lead her to more adventure than most of her academy cohorts will ever see. TRADING IN DANGER starts slowly as Ky deals with her rejection at the academy, her first command (almost babysat by extremely senior crewmen and crewwomen) and her grandmother's notorious fruitcake. Once mercenaries attack the system where she is taking on cargo and intersystem communications are lost, the pace picks up as Ky is forced to deal with irrational crewmen, mercenaries who would as soon shoot as ask questions, and passengers who have their own ideas of what to do and aren't ready to take Ky's decisions as final. Author Elizabeth Moon delivers a satisfying story and an intriguing character in Ky Vatta. There did seem to be a number of loose ends that Moon could have integrated more fully into the story, however. The spaceship model seems just a little too perfect. How could the Master Sergeant have guessed exactly what Ky would need? And how did Ky persuade herself not to crack the obvious code that he left her? I also expected a bit more of a bang from the frequently mentioned fruitcake. This type of 'artifact' is common in first drafts but an author with Moon's skills normally eliminates them before the novel sees the printing press. Despite its slow start and some extraneous pieces, TRADING IN DANGER is a generally satisfying read and Ky makes an interesting and multidimensional character.
Two Sighted Great romance, and action love story. I loved the situation and ending. I would recommend this book to anyone who loves romance.
a grand adventure Another great YA book from John A Flanagan. Strong characters, both male and female, face many plot twist before the last page. Can't wait to get the next book.
Could not resist a Sneak Peek This book has two stories. Watch Me - Shelley Bradley Shanna York is all about business and doesnt think that she can mix business and pleasure together. She never wanted to get close to anyone so she would also pick a fight and tell the other person to leave. Alejandro Diaz has the hots for her, but he can see that she tries to keep herselt distant from others. Alejandro has deceided that this was not going to happen with him. Alejandro is co-owner of Sneak Peek, a club were EVERYTHING goes. Shanna soon finds out that the man and the club is everything that she has always dreamed of but afraid to go after. Shanna is being blackmailed and relaizes that she must go to Alejandro for help. With doing this she learns to trust him and she lets her dreams become reality. Show Me - Jaci Burton Janine Bartolino is a Socialite with a secret fantasy that she knows that she will never be able to fullfill. She runs her family business and is always in the spot light. Until she meets up with Del. Del is part owner of Sneak Peek and he is the kind of man that never really thought that he would settle down with one person. He loves all women any shape or size. Until he meets Janine and he can tell that there is just something very special about her and he can tell by the reaction that she has reagarding the club and she has some fantasies that he would like to fulfill. Del find himself wanting more from Janine that just a good time. Janine is afraid to fall for Del and ruin her families image, but she cant seem to say no him or her needs. This book was very hot and it will be one that I wll again.
It covers a lot of territory. I am still ... It covers a lot of territory. I am still getting used to it. So far it is very broad in its coverage and thorough in it's reporting.
Inspiring and calming. I needed this poetry...this writing prose right now...thank you for this book. This Blessing! I high recommend this reading to be reread....
Five Stars Great Book!
Another fantastic book by Allison Brennan I decided that I should go back and read some of Allison's earlier books. I've read all of her Lucy Kincaid series to date. I recommend her books. They are well written, great character development. And excellent examples of how to write a series and keep it fresh.Cutting Edge rocks ec I'm a big fan of Allison Brennan, she's a great person who answers pesky emails. I bought this book because I wanted to see how Duke got his happy ever after. I have all the Lucy Kincaid series and I ensjoyed reading this title. . Watch Duke and Nora track a serial killer to save Nora's sister Quinn. Great suspense and tension. Nora has to overcome the past to face the future can she do it? Read it and see if she can.
thought provoking Pigeon Tony, his grandson Frank, lawyer Judy well-written eLibrary book
So good This I've is rather short. But it does a really good job of introducing us to the Argenau clan and I really enjoyed it
Five Stars Great book!!
Perfect summer read When I saw this book was being published, I immediately put it on my must-read list. I ordered it and decided to make it my entree for summer reading. By nibbling on it and picking off pieces of it, I've managed to make it last for over a month. In many ways, it was a perfect summer read, for a person who couldn't travel herself. Mayes took me to places I've always wanted to go, Portugal, Spain, Greece, even Turkey and North Africa. But the book annoyed me, too. Mayes seemed hypercritical, judgmental off-and-on about her accomodations and her meals. She jumped around while describing her setting so that I felt like I was looking at her world through the eye of a jerky video camera. Yet she also wrote poetically at times, describing foods she ate and places she visited so beautifully that I felt I'd eaten, too, that I'd travelled with her. The last chapter is a wonderful summing up of the need to travel that could equally well apply to the need to read as well. Mayes reminds us of T.S. Eliot's idea that in voyaging, we come back to our beginnings and understand our own world for the first time. A good reason to travel. A good reason to read.
A lot of Spanish and cultural references This is really a very good book (as if the Pulitzer Prize didn't tip you off). Seriously though, I've tried to read some Pulitzer winners that I abandoned rather quickly. This book, on the other hand, is extremely engaging and captivating. It is essentially the story of a family from the Dominican Republic, immigrated to Paterson, New Jersey. It begins with the current second generation Americans and works its way backward to mid-20th century DR, focusing to a large extent on the political history of the Dominican Republic under Trujillo. This history is largely relegated to extensive footnotes, a method that some apparently find objectionable, but that didn't bother me in the least. In fact, I found the DR history lesson to be one of the strong suits of the novel. I had two issues with the novel, however, that should be noted. The first is the EXTENSIVE use of Spanish throughout the novel. This took two forms. The first, and least problematic, were the frequent slang words sprinkled throughout the book. Most of these were easily identifiable through context. Who knew there were so many different Spanish slang terms for the female sexual organ? More troublesome by far, were the entire Spanish sentences, many times very meaningful to the flow of the story that would suddenly appear, without translation or context. I don't understand this. This is a novel written in English for a largely English speaking audience, yet at key points in the story, very meaningful dialog is issued in Spanish. It's almost as if the author is thumbing his nose at the reader. The second issue which could impact a reader's enjoyment of the writing is the almost non-stop reference to fantasy and science fiction characters and story lines, most predominantly Lord of the Rings. You see, Oscar was immersed in fantasy and science fiction literature and sees the world through that prism. I'm not talking about having read Lord of the Rings in middle school. I'm talking about deep Tolkien references. If you are not familiar with the Witch King of Angmar, you may still enjoy the book, but will not grasp many of the references and subtleties. Luckily, I recognized most of them. This novel is at times painful to read. It is a story that involves great cruelty and much suffering, but it is beautiful nonetheless. If you are an avid reader, with a background in science fiction and fantasy and happen to be bilingual as well, this may be the most enjoyable book you have ever read. My lack of Spanish fluency was an issue and caused me to teeter between four and five stars, but the story and writing were simply too good to fall below the highest rating. Four and three-quarters stars rounds to five.
Read it everyday! I really enjoy the Amazon Daily. I can find book deals and information easily and quickly. Definitely worth signing up for!
Its great to have an 11 year old begging for a ... I haven't read the books, but my son absolutely loves this series. Its great to have an 11 year old begging for a new book, as hes done for each book in this series. Any book that has a kid his age preferring to read over play video games is a winner.
Loved It! Great story. So well written.
fascinating and incredible This is more thrilling and exciting than an Agatha Christie novel. After reading the first two chapters, I could not put down the book.
fantastic This is the second book I've read and I'm loving the stories. The twists and turns keep you guessing often.
BEST book I have ever read This book taught me so much! I learned more from this book about how to hear GODS voice than from any other source. I highly recommend reading this, as the information is so valuable and makes you think about a lot of things. A MUST read!!
Top Ten of All Time This book will stay with me forever. The writing is beautiful and the character development outstanding. Since I finished it last week, I'm having difficulty getting into another book, as nothing can compare.
These books are all funny and very light! These four books are some of Crusie's earlier books so they are shorter than most of her newer novels and the plotlines are not quite as well developed but her trademark humor and loveable characters are present in spades! These books are all great summer reads and at $10 for the set this is a steal! I think "Getting Rid of Bradley" is by far the best of the four followed by "Strange Bedpersons" and "Charlie All Night". "What the Lady Wants" is the weakest of the four in my opinion but it is still very readable. Enjoy!
I really enjoyed the series It is well written and keeps your ... I really enjoyed the series It is well written and keeps your interest. Your always wondering what the 7 women are up to next. There is some graphic violence in some of the books.
All excellent I have the whole Desert Rogues series and it is awesome. The men are all alpha males the women are are all strong and well written. A must read.Four great stories I am always thrilled with Jennifer Crusoe' s books. She writes a great book. I have loved them all. I always look forward to her new books.
Love tis author! Really liked this book. The author writes very well, enough details to build an image but not so much that you get either overwhelmed or bored.
Couldn't put it down! A fast read -- perfect for taking on a plane or suffering through a waiting room. I got immersed in the details of Abagnale's cons. He's not your basic criminal: few "paper-hangers" learn the intricacies of the Federal Reserve system and the complex workings of a major international airline. It was like watching someone solve a giant puzzle. As he says, he was young and it was all a big game to him when he began. As he grew older he realized more of what he was doing, but he had gotten accustomed to the roller coaster ride. And although he did bilk institutions out of a lot of money, he more than repaid his debt by serving as a security consultant. I wish the US Government would heed his advice, presented in an appendix, on dealing with terrorists.
Believable and real, to the point Moon is... I picked up Trading in Danger on a whim, more because it was available rather than because I wanted to read something by Moon. In fact I really had no inclination to even try and read anything by Moon. Not because I didn't like her writing, or heard bad things. Nope, I just hadn't heard anything about her. I was ignorant. So I couldn't have been more happy to find that I enjoy Moon's style of writing and ability to truly create a real and believable story. Moon writes straight to the point. There are no pages long diatribes and/or explanations that do nothing more than bog a story down. Don't get me wrong. If done correctly, that can work. Neal Stephenson comes to mind. But it can fail just as often as it could work. Neal Stephenson comes to mind. But with Moon she is to the point, there is no beating about the bush. we don't have to read through a hundred pages to cover a span of 2 weeks, but mere sentences would suffice in summing up all that was important and relay it to the reader, all the while not cheapening the storyline. Ky is an altogether believable character, one that I at times admired and cheered along, feeling as though I were going through the motions of a first time captaincy. Her interactions with Gary and Quincy and the other officers and staff was not forced or unbelievable, but accurate (seemingly at least, after all I have never been on a space ship) and to the point. Her interactions with her family were honest and heartfelt, and I couldn't but nod my head in recognition of her family life. I am gushing a bit about Moon's Vatta series in part because I had not expected anything when I stumbled upon her book. Without expectations I was left to enjoy her book for what it was. And I did truly do that. Will I think differently of the other books in her series when I get around to reading them? I might just so, only because I now have an expectation. A definite recommend on both the series and the author. 4.5 stars.A paratrooper baptized in fire... This is a fascinating view of a combat officer as a paratrooper in WWII. Megellas certainly fought his fair share of battles and miraculously survived some of the bloodier ones in Anzio and Battle of the Bulge. Megellas' account is certainly a great alternative to the over saturated 101st Airborne memoirs. With a brief intro in to his life before and during training he quickly moved to his insertion in to the 82nd PIR as a replacement officer. So he wasn't there from the beginning, but he was certainly close enough. He fought in the hills of Italy in what seem like guerilla type warfare. Although he experienced combat it wasn't until Anzio that he was baptized by fire and blooded his first German. From this brutal battle he was sent back to England to rest and recuperate and ultimately missed D-Day. His next major action was Operation Market Garden where he had to fight across the Waal River, which, from his description, was one of the more bloody engagements, and not well planned, of not only Operation Market Garden but also of WWII. And yet he survived when the majority of the men around him were dying. Battle of the Bulge came next where he battled German SS soldiers and single handedly, with H company, took out a tank and invaded and captured a town before the Germans could regroup. Megellas certainly fought a lot and became an efficient killing machine. My only criticism, and this very lightly, is that his account reads a lot like Band of Brothers. A lot of the same stuff happened, in almost the same order, with enough frequency that you couldn't help wondering if he mimicked how Ambrose wrote in order to come up with a structure for his memoir. Granted, a lot of what the paratroopers went though was the same, which is why this was only a light criticism. The story could also become a little disjointed at times because he constantly interjected other people's quotes that were in their company or Rivers' company, using their input to support his thoughts or to give a first hand account of what happened when Megellas wasn't there. On the one hand this detracted from his story when he was actually there, but on the other it helped portray a well rounded picture of not only what the men thought of him or the battles they were fighting, but gave a more detailed account of the 82nd as a whole. I would certainly recommend this to WWII buffs or for someone looking for some insight into the life of a combat officer in WWII, not too mention a paratrooper to boot. A definite recommend. 4.5 stars.
Nicholas Speaks. . . ALL HE EVER WANTED was a surprise for me in that before I started to read it I didn't know it was a period piece, so to speak. Nicholas Van Tassel is a stuffy professor at a small college in New Hampshire in the early 1900s. His stuffiness, at first, rubbed me the wrong way. But I've been pleased with Anita Shreve's past books and was determined to keep going, despite this. It was also a little difficult to get used to the way the book is written. The stilted words as Nicholas tells the story of falling in love with Etna and their life together was an initial drawback, but after the first 40 or 50 pages, I was at ease with it. This is a sad tale. A man who only wanted a few choice things in his life, Nicholas has a way of screwing those things up so that even if he gets them, it doesn't make him happy. He's not a particularly likable fellow although there are certain things about him that make you at least understand him. It was somewhat refreshing not to have to read about a perfect person since so few of those exist in real life! I enjoyed reading this book and was pleased with the skill used in telling the story. Anita Shreve gets my vote for a job well done.
Five Stars love this author
Amazing what he did This is an amazing tale of just what this man did and got away with. You will not believe how he managed to get away with things.
loved it kept my attention all the way thru! found it by accident and was glad i did for sure looking forward to more
hopefully the first book in a series I've enjoyed Elizabeth Moon novels for ages, and am glad to have found Trading in Danger. The story gripped me from the start. Though there is not a huge conflict needing creative resolution in this story, it lends itself well to being the foundation novel at the start of a series. Moon is quite adept in her series novels!
Unfortunately the last Unfortunately, I believe this is the last collection of Chandlers available. This collection starts with an essay published in 1950 where he argues the virtues of the crime novel as literature and does a very good job . This essay was originally published in The Atlantic magazine. After the essay there are eight short stories all originally published in the "pulps'. None feature Marlowe but the same moral code is apparent throughout. There is one delightful story " Pearls are a Nuisance' which I think is a genuine hat tip to Dashiell Hammett and The Thin Man. This collection was published while Chandler was still alive and are the best of the best as far as his short stories go. He is an exceptional writer and its a real shame there are no more stories to discover.
the jury (sisterhood) the sisterhood series is one of the best i have read ever. i honestly could not put this book down i got so caught up with the charecters it was like spending time with friends!!
I love it! I look forward each day to reading ... I am receiving the WP for several weeks as a free six month trial. I love it! I look forward each day to reading it. I find that most of the stories are of interest to me, with the exception being sports. I don't follow sports. The pictures are sharp, and so clear they look almost real. I read the negative comments on other people's reviews. I can't believe we're talking about the same site! They refer to things that are totally different on my Kindle. I'm sure customers in DC would like their local news, but it would be wasted on others. Perhaps a version for local readers. This subscription is worth every penny for those of us who like to stay current on issues and politics.
Good Read Great book, good movie. Astounding, with all the tricks of the trade. Recommend this book for all. Relax and enjoy!
Good Garwood I really enjoyed this book. I thought it was a typical Garwood. I listened to the audio version a few times. I like to listen to a good book and clean or sew at the same time. Because of some of the reviews, I didn't get this book for a very long time, don't be dumb like me! I just wish JG still wrote this type of book.
Enjoyed it I thought this was a quick read. Or perhaps I liked it soo much, I was able to read it fast. It only took me a few hours if that. It was pretty face paced. I hope to see more of Dev and Laine. I enjoyed it. It jumped right into the action and didn't slow down. Dev is new to town. He and his best friend Cole(and his mate Caroline) are going to be relocating for work. Dev stumbles upon a the local pack assualting there Omega. He get angry and goes to recue him. Laine, the local Omega and doesn't have a filter on his mouth. He says what is on his mind. Both to their joy, they realized early on in the book they are destined to be mates. When the local pack Alpha continues to torment Laine, Dev has to decide what he will do to proctect his new lover/mate.Excellent read I enjoyed this book. Just like the others thus far, I have read this book in less than a day. I was excited that this was about Remi and Jake relationship. Remi was turned into a werewolf in the end of the previous book. Jake had decided not to tell Remi he was his mate at first. He wanted him to get used to the idea of being a werewolf, plus Remi has issues coming to terms of his own sexuality. He has a very strong attraction to Jake and wants to submit to him whenever he is around him. Even though his body responds to him, it takes a little bit longer for him to come to accept it. But when he finally does, their relationship starts to grow and become stronger. There are a few suprises held out for Remi and Jake, with Remi being a werewolf now. Along with their relationship growing, this story is also about Remi and his younger brother Sterling. It is almost two stories coinsiding with each other. Remi gets Jake and his partner Rhys' help investigating his father. Remi's dad is a abusive and a total jerk. He wants to get Dirk(his dad) in jail and help save his younger brother and mother from his abusive grasp. Remi is like a father figure to Sterling. Remi is much older than his younger brother. His brother is only turned 15 at the end of this book. As they are digging up dirt on Dirk and keeping Sterling safe, Remi ends up remembering things that will help put Dirk behind bars. He has surpressed memories that come to surface. SPOILER ALERT!! His brother ends up being Rhys' mate. Even though Rhys is older and is willing/wanting to wait for Sterling to get a little older first. I'd love to see a story about their relationship.
Loved this book! I really enjoyed this book! It referenced characters that I was already familiar with from Allison Brennan's Fatal Secrets which was really cool. Also, it had a nice mix of romance and suspense.
Five Stars LOVED IT
Remarkable She was a woman way ahead of her time. She had a greater understanding of disease and care of the ill than most of her contemporaries. Her advice is still used today. I wish I could have met her. Reading this makes me proud to be a nurse again
If you like military SF, well developed characters and a great storyline, get this book! Every couple of months I look for a new series or author - shame on me - I had forgotten how much I liked Moon's books written with Anne McCaffrey - the Planet Pirates series, one of my favorites from many years ago (wow - over 20 years!) I did not remember that until the end of the Kindle book where the list of the author's books can be found. Here I was not remembering I had read Moon before - one of my favorite authors at that time - Moon, McCaffrey, Cherryh - I spent many, many hours reading their works. I loved this book - and will be purchasing the entire series. Military SF is my favorite genre. Drake, Heinlein, Ringo, Weber, Stirling, Flint, Herbert and of course Moon, McCaffrey and Cherryh. Much of the plot is boilerplate - the "strong willed female commander facing unbeatable odds after suffering an unfair, life-shattering setback" storylines. Weber's Honor Harrington comes to mind, but honestly I think Moon handles it much better with Kylara Vatta. Think a mix of Card, Weber and Drake with obvious influences from McCaffrey. What we have is a protagonist with daddy issues, misunderstood by all, drummed out of the military (in the first few pages so no spoilers) sent out in near-exile on a milk-run. But her family seems to live by the Ferengi Rules of Acquisition, with trade and profit above all and being the driving force of her increasingly hazardous life. It's a wild - but believable - story. If you like military SF, well developed characters and a great storyline, get this book!
Good Series This is the 4th book in a series that I have found to be very good. They tell a interesting fantasy story.
Wow for Wao This book had the potential to be five stars and came up just short for me, which is a bit of a disappointment for me. It is one of the most original and refreshing novels that I've read in recent memory. Diaz's voice is distinctive, he takes risks and creates wonderfully entertaining and vivid characters. The reasons I felt this didn't merit five stars and "classic" status are: (1) I thought the last 10% of the book was disappointing and paled in comparison with the brilliance of the other 90% of the book. Diaz could have done a lot better with Oscar's demise and for me the plot line he took didn't resonate. (2) More Oscar. The title and the opening of the book create a sense of desire and expectation for more of Oscar. I don't want to suggest that the other parts of the novel that focused on Oscar's sister Lola, and her boyfriend Yunior, his mother and other characters were not really strong and keep me entertained. Far from it, the parts of the book that focused on these characters added such dimension to the story. However, I wanted more of Oscar. I would have been content if Diaz expanded the scale of this novel and would have gladly read another 200 pages about Oscar. It seems that Diaz wanted to avoid an "epic" family saga and in doing so, I think he short-changed Oscar. I don't speak Spanish and was not bothered by Diaz's frequent use of Spanish. I probably would have appreciated these little bits of dialogue and description quite a bit. However, I can't find criticism with Diaz for utilizing this mechanism within his novel. Overall, "The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao" is a must read. It certainly is one of the most original "American" novels you'll read. It wanted to be a classic and certainly had the ambition and scope to be. In my mind, it just came up a little bit short. I'll definitely read his collection of stories, "Drown", and look forward to his next project given his unique style and voice.
A Globetrotting Story of Adventure Like many, I came to this book after having seen the Steven Spielberg movie, eager to hear the story as told by the REAL Frank Abagnale Jr. I was both pleased and startled by the differences from the movie in this book, but enjoyed the casual and rather frank way Abagnale Jr related his crimes. No doubt about it: Abagnale was uniquely a product of his time. While it's entertaining to read his unbelievably brash exploits, one has to remember that most of his crimes took place during the late 50s through the early 70s, long before the Internet, centralized crime databases, ACH systems, or any of the anti-terrorism banking policies existed. As such, most of what occurs in this book would be all but impossible to pull off today. Still, a lafge part of Abagnale's success also came from his inflappable confidence, keen eyes, sharp wit, and a little luck. One key thing his narrative makes clear: the weakest link in any security system is a gullible person, and just acting like you're doing what you're supposed to be doing often dupes people. The actual narration of the story is quite enjoyable. While anyone under the age of 40 (such as myself) might not get even half the slang terms and idioms, and while Abagnale has one hell of an advanced vocabulary, his style is easy going, charming, and logical. Oftentimes, the boom reads less like an autobiography (which it really isn't) and more like a very simple first person novel. And despite the fact that Abagnale is a shameless womanizer (a fact he makes clear throughout the book) and scammed hundreds of businesses in dozens of countires out of millions of dollars, you can't but help like him. He seemed to have had a code (he only ever bilked businesses, not individuals ... save for one greedy prostitute), and didn't ever USE anyone per se ... just deceived them. In fact, even during his years long crime spree, he tried several times to find love, repaid several debts with cash (not fake checks), and regretted some of his actions. Now, for those wondering, the true story of Frank Abagnale Jr differs from the movie in a number of different ways; in an interview excerpt, he himself says it is about "eighty percent accurate". In general the movie cut out a lot of time scale, played up the influence his parents had on his initial entrance into crime, reduced the severity of his prison time in France (in a word: torture), and most disappointing, Tom Hanks's character didn't really exist. In fact, Abagnale states he didn't even meet the FBI agent that had been pursuing him until years later, and the agent had no reason to like him. In fact, that's part of the reason for my 4 star review; while I understand that reality can sometimes be more boring than fiction, Abagnale's narration is, nonetheless, sometimes less captivating. In addition, the heavy use of dated slang and sometimes confusing explanations play into the rating. All in all, a wonderful and entertaining read that's also a bit enlightening, at times emotional, and always vicarious.
Not Bad I wanted the local paper while in Denver recently for a vacation. I received my paper every morning without fail so I wonder if the earlier delivery issues haven't been fixed. The paper was easy to navigate and easy to read. I give the Denver Post 3 stars because there is no Weather (really? a paper with no weather report?!) and I found myself really wanting pictures.
Interesting view of human evolution This was a most interesting perspective of human history. A good attempt to show that evolution is not a sole result of inherited characteristics but also of the environment. The book is not the final answer but opens the door to more study of how the resulting human civilization got where it is.
Amazing story! The best true crime story ever. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a remarkable story. Well worth the purchase.
... have seen the movie based on this book and loved it. So I wasn't surprised that I loved ... I have seen the movie based on this book and loved it. So I wasn't surprised that I loved this book as well. The sheer audacity is near unbelievable, but I love it anyway.Diaz is an excellent writer and knows how to set the scene and ... I've seen a lot of hype about this book and I can totally see why. Diaz is an excellent writer and knows how to set the scene and write a character. He's unapologetic when writing in Spanish/Spanglish and using slang. He doesn't coddle the reader or try to appeal to the masses. Diaz writes what he wants and that's why the book is so good.
Nnniiiiiicccccceeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!! ! !! !!!!!!!!!!! Just as exciting as last time I read it. I also found out that I skipped a few pages in the book. some funny typos,too
I loved this book This is one of my favorite stories. It's a sad story; yet by the end of the book, you are filled with warm fuzzies. The "Calendar" sisters and their friends are the kindest people you will ever meet - especially August. And the fact that two races can live together and take care of each other with such respect in the deep south in the sixties makes you feel like it really can be done. It gives me hope that one day we will all live in a world where we respect and love one another. And a bonus, I learned a great deal about bees!
The Romance Reviews Recommends An honest look at how the world's morality views can impede an individual from finding her own happiness, SHOW ME is the novella length story of Janine and her journey into voyeurism, exhibitionism...and love. Janine is a woman with fantasies, like us all. She just happens to fantasize about being watched while she has hot monkey love. On her thirtieth birthday, her best friends take her to a voyeur/exhibitionist club. I loved her honest reaction. She didn't hem and haw and then get dragged into the action. She fled. I'm with Janine. She is a girl whose face is regularly in the society page. She is the CEO of her family's foundation. Marring her image will destroy the foundation's as well. A thirty-year-old executive should know better than to jump into a potential PR nightmare. And she does. What I enjoyed the most was the reality of the character's attitude. It is a concern for people, maybe of all walks of life, but especially those who frequent the society pages, to worry about their sexual proclivities becoming public knowledge and damaging their career. That concern does impede the involvement of many who would otherwise participate. Making the choice to participate would be slow and full of trepidation. It would have to have some intensely satisfying moments that made it irresistible when your sense of dread reared its ugly head. Janine walked through all of that with the help of Del. Del owns the sex club Janine visits, but to her surprise she learns that he is also the CEO of Delacroix Motors, and faces the same concerns and judgments she must endure. He is respectful and caring and knows how to draw out her inner sex kitten in a safe and satisfying way. Del does grow a little on his own, but it isn't well developed. We don't climb into his skin and feel the changes happening as we do with Janine. This journey is definitely more about Janine than Del and their happily ever after. SHOW ME is an erotic novella about the journey into the exhibition lifestyle. Outside of the voyeur/exhibitionism, the sex is pretty vanilla and tame (although absolutely satisfying!). Jaci Burton is always going to deliver plenty of steam, with this one you also get a great personal journey. Enjoy!
Five Stars good read
Well written I have read a number of Brenda Jackson's books in the Steele and Westmoreland series which I really enjoy. This is the first in the Madaris series that I have read, but I will continue reading more. I love the fact that her lead make characters are not vengeful, spiteful, and mean. The woman are not arrogant, snotty, and nasty. They are all people with fairly normal issues in which the writer weaves a tale where her couples work through life with with love, strength, and strong familial support. I have found all of her books to be positive and uplifting.
Scorching HOT! Steamy hot erotic historical fiction is one of my favorite genres and Scottie Barrett does it well. She creates a dark and tortured, but oh so appealing character in Ryder. I loved how the book opens with him in prison and it's not clear where things go from there. It gave me a sense that this was not going to be the average predictable historical romance. Ryder had a lot of depth to his character and I could feel his pain. When Jessie comes into the picture, their chemistry explodes and the sex is off the charts hot. At about 3/4 of the way in, I thought things dragged a bit as they were both reluctant to disclose their feelings for each other and their lack of communication became frustrating. Hence the 4 star review. Otherwise, I thoroughly enjoyed this entertaining tale. This is my second Scottie Barrett novel but it will not be my last!
Still as good as ever! This is not my first time reading this collection. I have the paperback copies that I have kept over the years. It is a totally engrossing set of books. Maggie Shayne is one of my favorite paranormal authors, one that I can be sure when I pick up one of her books, I will enjoy it. Wings in the Night, Part 1 contains six wonderful tales about the creatures of the night known as vampires. I read that Maggie's line of vampire stories are the original ones, the ones that came before. You will see they are people just like you and me. You'll fall in love at least once. Maybe more. If you like paranormal romance, get this collection. You won't be disappointed. All I was disappointed in was that I couldn't give it more than five stars. I am looking forward to obtaining more of her books for the Kindle or Nook.
I wish I had time to read it. There is so much information packed into each daily issue that I just don't have time to read it all and read my other books and kindle magazines too. All the news that makes the New York Times such a great newspaper is included in the Kindle edition minus the ads. If you have time to read it daily it is well worth the $19.99 monthly subscription price.
IT WAS FREE so i got it I ain't read it i got it cause at the time it was free lol figured it wasn't a risk on my end so when i get time i'll read it.
Really? This is much different from Hollywood's production. But I'm glad I read it. It was too short too, but written when it was it was probably was just right. I LOVED the surprise ending! That was great. I'll probably read it again.
I like Lisa Scottoline's books I like Lisa Scottoline's books, so I enjoyed this one very much. Would that we all could work in such an exciting office! Well done, as always.Wow. I thought this was mind-bending and exciting, ... Wow. I thought this was mind-bending and exciting, hard to wrap one's head around, but worth every moment of trying. Well done.
Five Stars have read all of the "hawke" series and am waiting for the next one
Gods of Green Mountain..a thinker After reading the Dawn and Heaven series as a teen I decided to read this one because it was from the author herself and not the ghostwriter. It was not in the least what I expected. Although I enjoyed the story line I found it a bit hard to get into and the ending somewhat lacking. I think Capturing Angels will be the next on my list.
Fast moving true (?) story of a con man First--definitely an entertaining and fast moving book. It kept me on the edge of my chair and was a quick read. It was a nice accompaniment to the movie and was great to have some of the details that the movie left out. However, it's still hard not to be skeptical of this guy. Once you're a con-man, it's gotta be hard to leave that behind. So, while I generally buy the story, in the back of my mind I wonder how much of it is embellished.... Regardless, this was a fun read and I enjoyed it.
what can you say. Who doesn't love Maggie Shayne . She's one of the best . I loved this series so Mich I had to get part two . It's really good that there are several books in one that connects them all . Great book.
Awesome Book, Short Chapts. Awesome book! Enjoyed very much, you will enjoy this author's books because of the "short" chapters and easy reading. I love, love, love Lisa Scottoline's books ! Dr. Bonnie Vause, Ed. D. Author of "Fast Escape" Released on Kindle Dec. 4, 2013
Great Entertainment I'm a former U.S. Navy submariner so I detected some errors in submarine operations and procedures...no boatswains mates or boatswains whistles on subs...it's "Dive, Dive" and "Surface, Surface, Surface" when ordering these operations with accompanying equal number of claxon preparations. Topside vents don't spray when surfacing since they're shut tight to allow air to blow ballast out the flood ports in the bottom of the boat. All that aside, however, the book was a great adventure and I enjoyed it very much.
The Science of Getting Rich I gave this book a 5star because it has helped me tremendously. This is my second time reading this book and my life has changed with so much richness in it. This book is so life changing if it is read with an understanding of how the Universe really works. Your desires will come to you just as you imagine them. Our minds can create anything we desire in our lives. It's a science that can not fail. If we practice a deep feeling of gratitude uniting ourselves with Devine Intelligence,all things are possible.
Enjoyed all but the profanity Entertaining! Enjoyed all but the profanity. I have always felt that if you want to get away with something, do it openly with flair and boldness
Hard to put down This one has lots of drama and intrigue. It kept me awake because I had to see what would happen next. It was worth losing some sleep.
great story This was a great story I thought that the author rushed his opening his heart again kinda quick but that would happened anyway this is a love story right. The way that Jacob and Desiree remember what they felt from 10 years earlier and still held to their morals was great. this story is a great read about reconnecting to only to a person you loved but couldn't have but also with finding your own heart and learning to love again.
Free Kindle Edition This is a review for the free kindle edition. Given that it is a free edition, it has no table of contents or hyperlinks, but given that this is basically a pamphlet, it is not really that important. I was easy to use the `search this book' option to find the 4 different sections the start with the roman numerals I through IV. I also like the `popular highlights' feature on the kindle, of which 3 or 4 sentences were highlighted that people thought were interesting. They were quotes that we worth noting. Marx' pamphlet was clearly written and did a good job of presenting his ideas. I summarize the main sections below. The first section is a summary of the class struggles between the proletariats and the bourgeois, or the oppressed and the oppressors. He actually does a good job pointing out many actual problems. The second section describes the relationship between proletarians and communists. He makes it clear that the aim of communists is to overthrow the bourgeois class to be replaced with the proletariat class. The third section describes the socialist and communist literature and describes each type of socialism. He clearly dislikes socialists almost as much as he does capitalists. The fourth section was a summary of the differences between communism and various other opposition parties, mostly socialists. He dislikes most of them because they do not go far enough in overthrowing the existing systems of government. I was struck by his belief that swapping the two classes would result in a permanent fix to the problem. History has born out that empowering the oppressed class just turns them eventually into oppressors. Communists eventually become an elite class and there still becomes a less privileged class. The incentive to excel becomes stifled and overall prosperity suffers. This was worth reading and is a good reminder to all of us to do everything we can to prevent a class of people from feeling oppressed. Many ideas of communism were very bad, but some of their solutions were good, including universal free education. I'm still convinced that the US system of government is the best there is, though it is not perfect.
Very nice first book of a series The Vampires in the Argeneau series aren't undead or a different race but they are humans. They are descendants of the people of Atlantis. The Atlantians were a very advanced race who tried to cure illness and inadvertently created "vampires". Apparently every book in the Argeneau series is about another member of the Argeneau family and A Quick Bite is about Lissianna Argeneau. I loved Lissianna and the rest of her family... Thomas, the twins, Elspeth, Jeanne Louise and of course Lissianna's sassy friend Mirabeau. How Lissi met Greg sure created very funny situations that made me laugh more than once. I can't wait to see who the next book is about!
Five Stars I enjoyed this book very much.
A very good book If you've read other max brand westerns, you know what to expect, if not, you,'re in for a treat. Let's strap on our six guns! We gotta ride!
SO BEAUTIFULLY WRITTEN This book is not easy to read and it's confusing at times. You cannot allow yourself to skip a word. But the language is haunting and the characters so well developed that the book is a real treasure.
Great Book Very enjoyable book to read. I'm partial to westerns and this one kept my attention.Great Book Very enjoyable book to read. I'm partial to westerns and this one kept my attention.Great Book Very enjoyable book to read. I'm partial to westerns and this one kept my attention.
Four Stars good time fillerFour Stars i liked it
Quite an education! I enjoyed the book, but was way out of my depth concerning Judaism. I discovered how incredibly ignorant I am concerning this beautiful and complicated faith. I was able to suss out the ending. The story itself was rather formulaic, but the depth and elegance of the Yashiva lifestyle enthralled me. That for me was the true gift from this book.
Four Stars Great
This series is awesome!! My two sons and I fight over ... This series is awesome!! My two sons and I fight over who gets to read the new one first!This series is awesome!! My two sons and I fight over ... This series is awesome!! My two sons and I fight over who gets to read the new one first!
Five Stars Great funny read.
Seals Sub Strike: Operation Emerald Red Great. Action packed book full of suspense and intrigue. Recommend this book to all who enjoy Navy stories. Bless the seal t e and.
Best Kindle Bargain Ever! Buying the Sunday New York Times on Kindle for just a buck is a great treat. Each Sunday the Times has at least five unforgettable articles, spanning subjects that renew ones interest in subjects perhaps not thought of for years. It's still one of the world's great newspapers, and it's also good not to have tons of paper to dispose of after reading.
A good read even for adults A good read even for adults. Well written but pretty predictable. Too bad the price is probably going to keep many readers away.
Lovely story There were so many clan names that I got lost for awhile. The story dragged in places. However, there was mystery, humor, danger, love and finally a happy ending. Who could ask for anything more?
Four Stars A good source for obtaining an understanding of the thoughts and precepts of Communist dogma.
loving the story I love this series. They are fun to read and the story flows nicely. Nice humor dispersed throughout the book. The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is the price that is being charged for this book compared to similar quality books on Amazon.good read I love this series. They are fun to read and the story flows nicely. Nice humor dispersed throughout the book. The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is the price that is being charged for this book compared to similar quality books on Amazon.
A beautifully told story Beautifully written, a real work of art. I will read this again and again. Do yourself a kindness and read this book 
The Secret Life of Bees I have read this book before but, reading it a second time for my book club, I noticed more than I did the first time. Books about the sisterhood of women are very enjoyable to me.
True life is not always a love story - but a factual read. Interesting especially as a true life story - had me cheering for the main character who in fact was breaking the law. Amazing how smart a 17 year old can be without actually being in the real world for very long.I also learned some facts about bees! Interesting story of young girl who finds out the truth about her mother and learns that there are good and bad people in this world. I find the story line just a bit unbelievable as the girl runs away with little or no information and still lands in a place that cares for her. Seems just a bit unbelievable. But still an interesting story and kept my attention.
Love the Argeneau series Hopefully ive read them all.... Sweet, Sexy and full of story... I will continue to buy them as they come.
This book is quite wonderful and heartwarming and sometimes a bit heartbreaking especially talking about racial topic ofthe time Lily Owens lives with a mean harsh father who owns a peach farm in South Carolina. Her first memory is of killing her mother accidentally by shooting her with a gun that she was trying to get to her while her parents are arguing as her mother, Deborah is packing up a suitcase. When Lily does something that her father, T. Ray doesn't like he makes her kneel in a pile of uncooked grits that leave cuts and bruises on her legs. After her mother died T. Ray brought in a black worker from the fields named Rosaleen to take care of the house and Lily. Rosaleen is aggressive and not prone to keeping her mouth shut when she should, but she acts as a surrogate mother to Lily. Right after the Civil Rights Act is signed into law Rosaleen decides to go and register to vote. Lily asks to go with her as it's her birthday and nothing else is going on. T. Ray never gets her anything for her birthday or celebrates it. It's on July 4 so in a way, everyone else is celebrating it. When they go into town three of the racist men in town start in on Rosaleen and piss her off, so she takes her tobacco spit cup and pours it over their shoes. This incites them to demand an apology which she refuses to give them and they attack her until the sheriff sees it and puts a stop to it and arrests her and Lily. Lily can't understand why Rosaleen can't just act right. Or apologize to get out of jail. T. Ray arrives to get Lily out of jail, but not Rosaleen who is in a real pickle. The next day when Lily goes to visit her she isn't in jail anymore but the hospital because the sheriff allowed the racist men in to beat her up trying to get her to apologize. T. Ray had said that there would be no way out for Rosaleen except in a pine box so Lily sets about with an idea of how to break her out. After convincing the store owner where the incident took place in front of not to press charges after using some creative storytelling, she goes to the hospital and makes a call to the nurse to tell the cop guarding the door that the charges have been dropped and for him to come back to the station. When the cop leaves she goes into Rosaleen's room and gets her dressed and they slip out of the hospital. They begin their trek toward Tiburon, South Carolina because Lily had seen it written on the back of a picture of a black Madonna among her mother's few possessions and she figures to go there and find someone who knows her mother and learn what she can about her. Rosaleen isn't too happy about this once she finds out, but she doesn't have much choice about it now. When they reach Tiburon Lily goes into the general store to buy some food and sees a bottle of honey with the exact picture of the black Madonna she has on it and asks about it. It turns out a group of local black women make the honey and they live in a crazy pink house. So Lily and Rosaleen go there to meet up with the Calander sisters: May, June, and August. There was a July, May's twin sister, but she died years ago quite tragically leaving May devastated and carrying the weight of the world on her shoulders and unable to cope. The sisters convinced her to build a wailing wall in which to place the things that bother her on a piece of paper into the crevices. June is a talented cello player and a school teacher who keeps turning down the principal's offer of marriage due to the fact that she was left at the altar years ago. June doesn't like or trust Lily. August is full of warmth and kindness and takes them in with open arms and teaches Lily the beekeeping business. Zach, a handsome black high school boy helps her with the business and he and Lily hit it off right from the start. The sisters have their own religion that involves a version of Catholicism and a mix of otherness that comes with the wooden boat mast of the black Madonna that hangs out in their living room and that they pray to saying the Hail Mary's to. Once a week they hold services there were other people in the town come to hear the message and pray and dance and touch the heart at the base of the statue. This seems odd at first, but Lily and Rosaleen quickly get swept up in it. And no one treats Lily different for being the only white person there. For a girl who has grown up without a mother, she seems to be gaining too many to count. But the happiness cannot last and T. Ray hasn't given up on finding them and August may have to send them back once Lily tells them the real reason they are there and finds out what she needs to know about her mother, which she dreads to learn at first. This book is quite wonderful and heartwarming and sometimes a bit heartbreaking. It does touch on what things were like in the South in 1964 in an honest way while at times being a bit naive when it came to Lily. I cannot recommend this book enough. Quotes People who think dying is the worst thing don't know a thing about life. -Sue Monk Kidd (The Secret Life Of Bees p 2) You know some things don't matter that much, Lily. Like the color of a house. How big is that in the overall scheme of life? But lifting a persons heartnow, that matters. The whole problem with people is They don't know what matters and what doesnt I was gonna say, The problem is they know what matters, but they don't choose it. You know how hard that it is, Lily? I love May, but it was still hard to choose Caribbean Pink. The hardest thing on earth is choosing what matters. -Sue Monk Kidd (The Secret Life Of Bees p 147) It is always a relief to empty your bladder. Better than sex, Rosaleen said. As good as it felt, though, I sincerely hoped she was wrong. -Sue Monk Kidd (The Secret Life Of Bees p 163) You think you want to know something, and then once you do, all you can think about is erasing it from your mind. From now on when people asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up, I planned to say, Amnesiac. -Sue Monk Kidd (The Secret Life Of Bees p 249) Knowing can put a curse on a persons life. Id traded in a pack of lies for a pack of truth, and I didn't know which one was heavier. Which one took the most strength to carry around? It was a ridiculous question, though, because once you know the truth, you cant ever go back and pick up your suitcase of lies. Heavier or not, the truth is yours now. -Sue Monk Kidd (The Secret Life Of Bees p 155-6) Have you ever noticed that the more you try not to think, the more elaborate your thinking episodes get? -Sue Monk Kidd (The Secret Life Of Bees p 271) People, in general, would rather die than forgive. Its that hard. If God said in plain language, Im giving you a choice; forgive or die, a lot of people would go ahead and order their coffin. -Sue Monk Kidd (The Secret Life Of Bees p 277)
Oscar, Oscar, Oscar! This book consolidated the fact that I freaking love Junot Dazs writing, his way of telling stories is so different from anything Ive read, he creates worlds and stories for each character and he is generous enough to write them for us. In this book we meet Oscar, but we also meet his sister, his mother, his grandmother and are reunited for a short time with Yunior (that was a surprise to me, although I realized it shouldnt have been). We get to know this family, Oscars family, the struggles and experiences that shaped the women important to him and let me tell you those chapters were some of the best chapters Ive ever read, the stories are sad, yes, but they are also compelling and real and scary because you realize that it could actually happen and that women have been victims everywhere in the world and in every generation. I feel like he was writing a love letter to women, not maybe a pretty love letter but a raw and real love letter, like saying, I know this happened, I know this could happen, but you are eventually going to be Okay. Or maybe Im just reading too much into every word he writes, whatever it is I love it, I love Oscar with all of his braveness but insecurities, with his need to be cared for, loved, and respected. I loved the women in his family, the ones that are hard workers and whose lives haven't been the easiest.
Five Stars It was a fun adventure to read.
good writing, great characters I'm really enjoying this series. as long as the next books stay under $6, I'll continue buying the books. good writing, great characters, fun stuff.
Totally engaging, heartwarming and wonderful! This book held me captive from the first page. Narrated by fourteen year old Lily Owens, it is set in 1964 South Carolina. It gives us a first hand view of the racial strife of that era, but it is so much more than that. Lily is living with a father that is cruel and abusive, and the hazy memory of her mother's death when she was four years old. When her black "stand in mother" is put in jail for insulting some racist men, Lily springs her out and they run away together. With nothing but a few belongings of her mother's, they make their way to Tiburon, SC, where they are taken in by three bee-keeping sisters. The story is totally engaging, and I couldn't put it down until I was finished reading. Heartwarming and wonderful!
interesting The story is multifaceted but difficult to follow at times. The issues along with historical events give an insight to the characters future behavior.
Splendid - Crackles from the page This novel hummed to me in such a strong voice, I found myself slowing down my pace in order to relish the experience. There is something intriguing about Australia, almost a mirror image of the United States but dramatically different. As in Dermot Bolger's "Father's Music," the music metaphor and its connection to the people in the story makes it almost a character in itself. The descriptions of the land are so vivid, you almost feel the dust in your throat. But what made this book soar for me was its ruminations on the nature of love. Not romantic love, but love warts and all -- the lost love of a man for his family, the lessening of love between a man and a woman, the complicated love a woman feels for her own highly dysfunctional siblings. I recommend this book, without any reservation.Hauntingly behind closed doors Anne Enright has created characters that resonate long after the book has been closed. Since I had the privilege of reading it in one sitting on a cross-country flight, I was able to absorb the beauty of its images, the 3-dimensional character studies, the haunting and enraging family dynamics without interruption, totally immersed in the passions and histories of Veronica and her family. This book is written in a meaty, organic style, rare to find (e.g., "There was something about the smell of us growing up that drove (our parents) completely insane." and "The ground is boiling with corpses, the ground is knit out of their tangled bones.") The plot should not be revealed in a review but allowed to unfold in the reader's imagination. It is a complete, masterful work.
Short stories without Marlowe This book collects a few of Chandler's short stories together, along with the essay that gives the book its title. The essay reads well, and gives a simple, clear statement of what Chandler dislikes about the murder mystery genre. You can read the details for yourself, but I'll give you a clue: read Hercule Poirot or Miss Marple, then one of these stories. The differences fix the problems that Chandler saw in the genre as it existed before him. Although I like the Philip Marlowe novels, these are short stories (far less than novel length), they star different characters (none of whom are Marlowe), and generally seem weaker than Chandler's novels. They keep the same dark, gritty tone, but one or two overdo the 1940s slang to a nearly impenetrable level. They're all worth reading, though, especially "I'll Be Waiting." //wiredweird
Excellent Book This is a very good book, I was glad that I bought it, it keeps you interested all the way thru the book, you have a hard time putting it down, if you enjoy reading Westerns, then I know you will like this book, this Author has another one called Vendetta Trail, I plan on reading this next.Excellent This was a very good book, this book kept me interested from the start to the finish, all of these hawke books have been good so far, so if you like reading westerns, as I do, then you will like reading this book.Excellent Book This was a very good book, I was glad that I had bought it, it kept my interest up, all the way thru the book. if you enjoy reading Westerns, then I know you will like reading this book.
Doing so would allow them to have a better understanding of what a government should not be doing Everyone should have a copy of this and read it at least once a year!! Doing so would allow them to have a better understanding of what a government should not be doing!!
A great first book for Faye Kellerman. A great first book for Faye Kellerman. It delivers all that one could want in a thriller and more. When a murder happens in a Jewish community, the Detective meets an intriguing lady and starts to examine his own past, present and possible future. Along the way, the reader is privy to some insight into the Jewish faith and philosophy. I found this book glued to my hand until the end.
On the Edge Tony Casavetti works for the Devlin Group. His job is one of undercover danger and quite often, the only thing he can depend on besides himself is the calm voice at the other end of his link. A voice that only has a name but not a face. That is about to end as he and the rest of the group have been called into meeting in New York City. Tony knows that Charlotte is efficient and calm in all circumstances; he also knows that she can be ruthless and guesses that she is a matronly lady. Charlotte Rhames is the executive assistant to the Devlin Group, a job she loves and is respected at. She knows most people take her for only how she appears: rich and beautiful. Charlotte can't wait to meet Tony. She knows everything about him, but has never actually met the man. Charlotte has many expectations for their meeting, which she is hoping, ends in her home. Tony is stunned when he actually discovers the person behind the voice is the young and sexy woman who came to pick him up. This shock is just the beginning of the events that will put the entire Devlin Group on high alert. When the group is attacked, they discover it was an inside job. Charlotte knows she is the only one who can get to the person behind the attack, but it will mean going back into a world she swore never to visit again. Tony won't let Charlotte go into danger alone, but when things go horribly wrong, both of them have to depend on the voices and abilities of the people on the other end of the links. On the Edge brings back the characters from the Devlin Group and this time is Charlotte's turn to get her happy ever after. But when you are a member of this group, nothing is ever easy and that includes love. Tony has been put down most of his life because of his background - the same one that makes him perfect in his undercover work. Charlotte has worked hard over the years to remove herself from her past and now she must face it again to save the others. Danger feeds passion, and Tony and Charlotte already had the flames rising even before the danger happened. I was never happier than when Tony and Charlotte made it out okay only to have them tear each other apart. It made me want to knock their heads together, but I was rewarded in the end with a perfect ending. Suspense stories have always been able to hold me in their grip. Ms. Stacey did one even better and wouldn't let me put the book down until the last word had been read. On the Edge is sexy, full of danger, and has two main characters I just had to back. It is also a book I will be rereading time and again, as will you, I'm sure. Jo reviewed for Joyfully ReviewedLessons in Love Brynn has been invited to teach Kindergarten at the Laurivenia Academy. What she doesn't know is that it doesn't exist. Not only that, but she's really going to be a nanny to a five-year old girl. Kissing good bye her plans to travel and see the country goodbye, she also plans to say goodbye to the man who lured her here under false pretenses. Until she meets his daughter. Once she does, she knows that she cannot leave. Lessons in Love is a sweet story that will leave you with a warm, content feeling. Though it is not a new idea or plot, the characters Kate Davies has created will find a place in your heart. Even secondary characters like Carissa and Niles will have you turning the pages. I had hoped it wouldn't read so predictably, and then the characters would do something unexpected before reverting back to what I did expect. It was nice to find a comfortable read that threw a few surprises at me. Miss Davies has a way with characters and if you take a chance on this story, I'm sure you will understand what I mean. Realistic, believable, and loveable, they are well rounded and fun Erys reviewed for Joyfully ReviewedAnticipation Deidre Nelson is back in Ventura Texas watching over her parent's bed and breakfast while they are away. Jonas Mendez is the town's sheriff. The last time Deidre and Jonas saw each other was to say goodbye before Deidre left for New York ten years ago. Ten years is a long time, but the attraction that simmered between Deidre and Jonas is as strong as ever and the anticipation of what might become of it is even stronger! Anticipation is the perfect title for Jonas and Deidre's story. I love how they got back what they once had. Of course this time, it's better than before! There is a lot of heat and heart in Anticipation; it's a sexy and very romantic story. Nannette Reviewed for Joyfully ReviewedThe Viscount's Addiction Strung out on opium and falsely imprisoned for a crime he didn't commit Viscount Lord Ryder Blackwood is embittered and doesn't see a way out of his predicament. Losing hope and not caring if he lives or dies, he's surprised when someone finally comes forward to clear his name. Unbeknownst to him while incarcerated he's accrued a wife, a woman he's sure is inline with his thieving aunt and cousin. Jessie is an innocent pawn in the lunacy of her stepfather. Marrying a man she thought knew of their arrangement, she's unprepared for his disbelief and anger. Jessie made sure at least his family fortune wasn't ravished in the same way his home has been, but feels all her efforts will be in vain due to the lord's dependency on drugs and alcohol. An unlikely pair will have to overcome the torment that comes when your mind and body are ensnared by chemical enslavement. I think sometimes modern individuals forget drugs have been an issue for hundreds of years. The Viscount's Addiction is a prime example of how even the strongest of spirits can be broken when hopelessness occurs. Jessie and Ryder are both victims of their circumstances but while Ryder has decided to drown in his sorrows Jessie has taken her situation and maintained not only her physical innocence but her morality. This historical effort from Scottie Barrett is memorable and provides a dramatic way to past the time on a wintry day. Indy reviewed for Joyfully ReviewedThe Renegade's Woman Sally Hewitt has been captured by Arapaho Indian Standing Bear. He calls her Pale As Moonlight and he intends to have her and keep her. Sally tries to deny her attraction to Standing Bear but her resistance is futile. Standing Bear and Sally should be bitter enemies. Can Standing Bear find a way to keep his captive? Will she want to stay? The Renegade's Woman is an erotically enchanting story. I wanted Standing Bear and Sally to be together. I wanted them to fall into bed again. The Renegade's Woman is a hot fantasy, with a good story behind it. Nannette reviewed for Joyfully ReviewedWith Caution Remington Lassiter has suffered at the hands of his abusive father Dirk his entire life. Remi's younger brother Sterling is still under Dirk's roof and therefore in constant danger. Jake Romero has been waiting for Remi to admit his feelings for him. He can smell and sense Remi's attraction to him, but Remi is not ready to admit that he is in love with a man, so Jake waits. While Remi struggles to come to terms with being a newly changed werewolf, his feeling for Jake, and keeping his brother safe, he discovers something amazing about himself that will change everything for him and those around him. With Caution is a gay paranormal romance that has elements of BDSM, aspects of physical abuse and murder and mystery. It's a fantastic story. It's well written and very engaging. Remi's submissiveness is sexy and Jake's desire and concern for Remi is endearing. I love them together. With Caution is another great story by J.L. Langley. I am absolutely dying for Sterling's story! Nannette Reviewed for Joyfully ReviewedIn a Reckless Moment Ross Benson, Viscount Winterton, is recently returned from Africa. He is a jaded rake of a man, and the object of many women's fantasies. He and Timothy Rollins are arriving back at Ivydale Manor, drunk, when they wake young Cassandra, Timothy's sister, who helps both men to bed. When she ends up in bed with Ross, her lifetime crush, it will have repercussions none of them counted on. Ross is handsome, sought after and has never had an inclination toward innocent young women. For some unfathomable reason, Cassandra tempts him like no woman has before. When he seduces her on a night of drunken stupor, he has no choice but to marry the alluring Cassandra. In a Reckless Moment is a charming story of opposites attracting. Ross and Cassandra burn up the pages as their explosive chemistry is the foundation for building a marriage from convenience to a forever love. Cassandra is a woman many will appreciate for her independence, her common sense and her genuine love for Ross and her family. She is warm and witty, charming and beautiful. With not a vain bone in her body, she endeared herself to me even further. Ross, on the other hand, is a charming and handsome rogue; he is jaded and spoiled until Cassandra brings him down a few pegs. He is clueless about love and it is with baited breath that this reader watched as he fell further under Cassandra's spell each day. With the underlying mystery of Ross's past to keep this reader guessing, I was intrigued by the storyline, both the journey to falling in love and the mystery of threats to the couple's safety. I thoroughly enjoyed Emma Wildes' In a Reckless Moment and I intend to purchase all of the previous titles. Scarlet reviewed for Joyfully Reviewed
4th in the Ranger's Apprentice Series Following the events in book three, Will and Evanlynn have been hiding out in the woods after escaping slavery in Skandia. Finally, reaching Skandia themselves, Halt and Horace discover an outpost of Skandians completely destroyed. Realizing that the Temujai army has begun invading Skandia, Halt must join forces with the Skandians in order to fend off the mighty invaders. For, if the Temujai succeed, they would eventually go after Araluen as well. Unlike the previous installments, this book focused more on a central theme of the Temujai invasion. A lot of the book was planning, strategy, and practicing for battle. There was still character interaction and growth, but it seemed to take a back seat in this story which centered more on battle. I love the characters and especially the race of Skandians, which was this book's saving grace for me. And also unlike the others, this one didn't end in a cliffhanger. I was glad to have some resolution finally. Some wonderful events happen and friendships are forged.3rd in the Ranger's Apprentice Series for Youth After the events in the previous book, Will and Evanlyn have been kidnapped and taken to Skandia. And Will's mentor Halt has sworn to rescue them, no matter what it takes. This installment followed two main storylines, jumping back and forth between Will and Evanlyn's predicament and Halt and Horace's journey to rescue them. Skandia is the "Icebound Land" where the inhabitants are mercenaries, and where Will and Evanlyn are forced into slavery. Halt and Horace must face knights and ruthless warlords that challenge them along the way. With plenty of adventure and suspense, this is a fantastic, fast-paced fantasy series. The main characters are chivalrous and brave, with high ideals. This series has become a fast-favorite of mine and my family. And as before, the mild-cliffhanger ending left me reaching for the next in the series.
Loved all of Garwood book's I can't say enough about this book and all of the novel, written by Julie Garwood. Overall I have read most of them maybe twice ,a lot bye by memory the names and places. I have loved every one of Garwood book's.
Insight into Dominican History For an anglo this book was an interesting window into the life of those who fled the dictator Trujillo and the impact of that on them and by extension the younger generations of their families. An exercise in culture shock that gave me a much better appreciation of what new residents go through. It is frightening to realize how little of these political problems of the islands are reported here. The book was occasionally confusing because of chapters beginning in a place and time different from the previous chapter. Characters were very clearly drawn.
wings this is a story that keeps you reading. It draws you in and keeps you reading just love Maggie's stories.
A Thrackan story Most of the New Jedi Order books focus on the Solo kids, to the extent that some are viewed as "Jacen books" or "Jania books." The novella Ylesia is if anything a book starring Thrackan Sal-Solo. Thrackan is forcibly recruited by the Yuuzhan Vong to become president of the Peace Brigade Republic. However, the New Republic forces also choose to attack Ylesia. There's nothing new or terribly exciting in the novel, but it's a nice side story. It's written in a similar style as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Destiny-s-Way-Star-Wars-The-New-Jedi-Order-Book-14/dp/0345428749/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Destiny's Way (Star Wars: The New Jedi Order, Book 14)</a>, which isn't surprising as they're both by the same author. This short story actually takes place during the novel, so I'd recommend reading the novel first so Ylesia doesn't spoil any surprises.Good story, but just buy Star by Star This is a pretty decent short story. Some of the new characters, such as the salt-addicted Arcona jedi, are pretty compelling. However, the story is included in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Star-by-Star-Star-Wars-The-New-Jedi-Order-Book-9/dp/0345428676/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Star by Star (Star Wars: The New Jedi Order, Book 9)</a>, which is a key book in the series, so there's really no reason to buy Recovery separately.A fun story It's nice to see an author go back and visit the New Jedi Order era. This time, Karen Traviss combines fan favorite Boba Fett and NJO favorite Nom Anor to show the Mandalorians' role in the Yuuzhan Vong war. Traviss does a pretty good job fitting both into their characters. Boba Fett is appropriately cynical, but at the same time also concerned about the Mandalorians. Traviss doesn't yet go so far as to make Boba Fett one of the good guys. It's an interesting character transformation. We also get to see Nom Anor's private thoughts and a bit more insight into his time as infiltrator. Even for a short story, it seemed a bit too short and ends rather abruptly. I would have liked to have seen bit more, or at least learn what the Mandalorians did after the first few weeks of the invasion. It's tough to be satisfied with this after reading Unifying Force, where Han sees Boba Fett fighting alongside Alliance troops. Hopefully that story will be written one day.
Awesome,Awesome I love this family. Intrigue, romance, sex (hot steamy sex) sadness,devestation, heart break and fun,, what is there not too love about the family that faces all these life changing things and still see the benefits of loving and carng for each other is what life is all about.
Five Stars Loved these story's as a child
Loved it! The original short-story by Harry Bates was so different that what was made into the 1951 movie and much more distant than the 2008 movie. The original title was "Farewell To the Master" and I won't spoil it by attempting to describe the plot in this review. Just take the word of an old SciFi-head that I enjoyed the story just as much as I did the '51 movie.
I'm hooked That tricky 99cent offer from Kindle worked on me. Now i want to order the others and get started reading to find out what happens to the 2 main characters. I don't generally read murder mysteries, but somehow the violence in this one was balanced with the peace-loving culture of the Jewish Yeshiva! I bounced back and forth to google to read more about vocabulary and Biblical references, so I feel I learned a few things while reading. There were a few items that dated the book, the use of beepers instead of cell phones, and a description of a computer print-out that sounded dated. Not to be picky, it just gave me a little pause to realize it wasn't an ignorant author, just earlier writing! Otherwise, a wonderful read! Now onto the next one...
Fern Michaels' Sisterhood Series I love Fern's Sisterhood series. It made me want to cheer out loud every time the women got their revenge and received justice for past injustices/crimes against them. They are strong, brave, and compassionate women. And they keep on helping the helpless. I wish we had vigilanties like them in real life.
Five Stars Can't complain... It was free.
Five Stars Great book
Recommend! These books are pretty popular at the library and I have always found the cover intersting, so last night I decided to check out the first three and read them. Well, they were a fast read-I had it done in 30 minutes. It was a really cute story and just really fun to read. The author did a good job a starting with an intriguing story and leaves off in a way that you just have to start reading the next one. What I really like about this book is that despite how busy you might be, if you need a quick break, you can read a good little story and finish it, and then feel like you accomplished something for the day.
An interesting read I actually received this text as an ebook, since it is now in the public domain. I think breaking it up like that helped me to absorb more of this text, which honestly is pretty difficult to read in English, since so many concepts of the Russian language cannot be gracefully translated. That said, this is a very important piece of political literature, one which I believe should be required for study in all high schools to help students better understand the reality of Communism as opposed to the "horror stories" that students were told when I was young. The ideals of Communism - that all should be equal and each should give any excess out to the rest of the population rather than hoarding it, as in capitalism - actually make a great deal of sense. The trouble is caused by the fact that humans absolutely cannot live an ideal existence. Thus, a strong centralized government is created to force people to live that idealized existence, which just causes upset, rebellion and greed. But I wander afield. Let me just end by reiterating that this is a must-read for any politically-minded person, or for anyone at all in order to create a more balanced society.
Best of the series so far... Book 4 finally lived up to the reputation for awesomeness the Rangers Apprentice series seems to have. The first three books were carried by a fun, easy going story, but held back by annoying quirks in writing style. Either I was so engaged by this story that I didn't notice, or the writing finally got better. I guess it doesn't really matter, The Battle for Skandia was great!The Story Continues... More fun story, more lame writing. It's driving my crazy how much these characters can read into a small nod of the head or a gleam in someone's eye. But I'm a sucker for a good story, so on to book four!
Another un reviewed book? This is clearly too much. I know I read Justin and Lorren's story and cannot for the life of me explain not providing a review. Oh well now is as good a time as any! I loved the story line that showed how Justin and Lorren came together. My desire to read books by Mrs. Jackson rises with each of her works I am blessed to read and enjoy and enjoy I do. Just the right amount of intrigue, suspense, drama, love and heated romance to keep a reader enthralled. Excellent job, excellent job!
Five Stars very happy with the find
Wern't you a child once Many of the tales aparently have been cosmeticly rendered by Disney and that ilk. These are a gas. If you have not read them since childhood I recommend them to you.
A quick Bite Argeneau vampires book 1 Lissianna has had nothing but trouble in her life. A sexist drunk father who believes a woman's place is in the home. Not to mention the only vampire she knows who can't stand the sight of blood. When her mom kidnap Dr. Gregory Hewitt to help her with her blood problems he turns out helping in a different way than she meant. First Lissianna mistakes Greg for her birthday snack and then later the sparks fly. Most people kidnapped by vampires would be scared out of their wits. Its hard to stay scared when those vampires are cute girls wearing baby doll night gowns.
A bitter little pill of a book. There are some books which I enjoy a lot as I read them. Later, however, when I put them down I find that I hardly remember what they had to say. The Gathering is a little bit of the opposite experience. As I read, I was not at all sure what it was that I was supposed to be reading. It is fairly difficult to access, and not terribly forgiving of lapsed attention. Mostly I found myself saying to myself: "Why? Why did this win the Man Booker Prize?" But then somewhere towards the end, Enright pulls a magic trick. The book wraps itself up somehow, and is at once something shining. Something, dare I say it, which would like to fly. But still, I was not really sure that this was enough. It came so late in the book and what came before that moment was so leaden, I was not sure what I wanted to think. I mean, what I wanted to think about the overall experience. Given time, the experience of reading the book has settled a little bit. I find that instead of growing more distant, I actually feel closer to the novel. I like it more. I have the impulse to buy another book by Enright. I am willing to forgive The Gathering its sharp edges and elbows. And boy oh boy does this book have sharp elbows. It is a bitter little pill of a novel. Just like its main character, it resists sympathy and identification. Enright uses fantasy, disjointed narrative, unpleasant people doing unpleasant things-- pretty much every device that you can imagine to force the reader back outside the text. It makes for such a strange combination because she writes with such lyrical prose and such a delicate hand that you expect to find the book yielding. The contrast is very interesting, but in the end I am not sure how successful The Gathering really is-- largely for that reason. I remain surprised that it won the Man Booker Prize. I took a look at the reviews on Amazon, and am not shocked to find them universally savage. An Irish female writer dealing with the subject of a dysfunctional family has a certain flavor to it-- carries a load of expectation. Those poor readers who go into it expecting The Book of Ruth or some other typical Oprah pick are going to be angry, not just disappointed. Some bad things happen, but often the narrator is just cranky. You are not allowed to feel that you have understood the past; sometimes the main character just makes things up. No catharsis, no redemption, no Irish brogue. The prose is pretty, but pretty like a snake in the grass is pretty. It glitters and it hisses and it does not really let you touch its skin. This book reminds me of myself in truly black rages-- when I want to share nothing with nobody and go through the past as though I were reading a grocery list. In those moods, I would pull the head off of anyone who tried to sympathize or pretended to understand. This book has the mean reds. But then that lightness at the end-- I don't know. I still need to think about this one a while longer. In summary, for me, interesting. I am impressed, but have doubts. Please be aware of what you are getting before you start to read the novel. There is nothing worse than biting into what you think is a raspberry and getting a wasabi pea. Think bitter and think dark and you will be better prepared.
Four Stars Fun Easy Read
immortals series I love all of Lynsay Sands books. I have read so many of them, I can't keep the names straight, but they are all 5 stars in my opinion.
Absolutely splendid Back in the sixties, I, a Gentile, taught in an Orthodox Jewish girls school in Brooklyn. It was a fascinating experience and it raised a lot of questions for me. I am sure that an observant Jew would find holes to pick, but I really got caught up in this relationship and community and look forward to next installments!
Great book I am an advid reader and loved this book it was very captivating and great fantasy for any woman to read
A Unforgettable Series I never thought that I'd be sucked so quickly into this series. This is a series that I loved. This is about vampires wanting to do good in the world. They build corporations, they protect the humans from bad vampires and they don't believe in killing humans. Heck, they even make laws about it, forcing vampires to only drink blood from a bag. Not only that, they want to find their forever mate and fall in love. Dr. Gregory Hewitt is a Psychologist and he just finished his day of work. Walking through the parking lot, he gets kidnapped and knocked out by a woman. He wakes up and finds himself tied to a bed. A strange woman tells him that he's a birthday gift to her daughter, Lissianna, and he decides that she's crazy. But once he sees Lissianna, he can't get her out of his mind. Lissianna is a beautiful vampire who hasn't found Mr. Right in centuries. But, once she lays her eyes on Dr. Gregory Hewitt, there's just something there that she can't deny. Not only that, she hopes that he can help her with a particular... problem. She faints at the sight of blood which is a bad thing for a vampire obviously.
Five Stars Must read!!
Still one of the best papers in the country Still one of the best papers in the country! Much behind the scenes information around the community of the many cities in the area and State.It's nice to read that every city has the same problems ... It's nice to read that every city has the same problems besides ones one....crime, drugs. We are not alone. A well put together paper.
Hemophobic Vampire? Loved it. A vampire that has a phobia over blood - how could it get any better? Lissianna is a vampire who cannot stand the sight of blood - she faints. Not a good thing for a vampire. She is a social worker at a shelter in Toronto. On her 202 birthday she is out with her cousins and attempts to get a quick bite from a guy who has been hitting on her. He is anemic and a bit of a big so she leaves him behind a dumpster after clearing his memory. The group then heads to her mothers house for a birthday party. When Lissi goes to her old room for a change of stockings she finds a man tied to her bed. Her cousins had mentioned that her mother had a special present for her. Thinking he is her tasty treat she takes a bite. Wrong move - he's there to cure her of her phobia. What all happens next is funny, sad, exciting and fast paced. Will start the second book in the series shortly.
Gorgeous book - makes you believe in freedom.. Loved it! I absolutely loved this book. What a gorgeous fun book. It was very real and I would have been so disappointed if she didn't get togeher with him in the end - who wants that 'sensible' stuff - boring. I loved all the characters - they all had something different to offer. The main character Stella is refreshing and real. And you can't help but fall in love with Winston yourself. Why wouldn't she. :-) I love the way Terry disses herself in the book - that is very clever and funny. Most of all, I just love the romance of the situation. I come from a family of older women - younger men - so this story works for me. It's sexy, fun, interesting, real. You really do go through all these emotions and feelings - no matter WHAT age you are. And more power to you if you can still FEEL that giddy in your 40's. I feel tired and jaded right now. So, someone breaking out and being 'fresh' and stepping outside the box - is wonderful. Thanks so much for this book Terry. Loved it so much. Going to rush down and get the movie now. I highly recommend this book if you need a lift and your life has gotten way too samey and inside a box... Lovely book.
Very funny I enjoyed this book a great deal - very witty and a pleasant read. I actually did laugh out loud a couple of times. Thanks, free classics!
A different story A twist of a post civil war western where Hawke stumbles across an old friend from the war who has established himself as leader of a vigilante group who has established the way they see the law. So buckle up and enjoy your ride.
Five Stars No
war - and more This book was filled with difficult choices, dilemmas and war. Another great story, including a hint of romance. John Flanagan - keep it coming!!!heroes and villains Heroes and villains - they're all here! Loads of action and excitement for male or female readers. Can't wait to see what's next!
I've enjoy this whole series. Yet another well written installment in the Ranger's Apprentice series. We follow Will through another action packed and adventurous portion of his life as an apprentice ranger.
Fantastic Fantastic! The author, not being a scientist, is able to put this very complex information in understandable, practical terms. It is one of the best books I have read on this subject, and it is a subject that fascinates me. I highly recommend it.
Great read ! Second time reading Mr. Gunn's books. Liked as well as the first one I read . If you keep up the good "words" I'll keep reading .
long time coming I had actually stopped looking for any new historical a from Julie Garwood, so this was a welcome surprise! Is it as good as The Secret, The Bride or Ransom? Not quite, but I sill couldn't put it down until the end, so I give it 4 stars.
Excellent read Excellent read
A fantastic Read I read this romance novel when it first came out in print I enjoyed this book so much that I had to have it in my kindle. Brenda Jackson has not written a novel that I have not read over and over again
OMG SO GOOD I JUST LOVE THE FERN MICHAELS BOOKS. REVENGE, AND GET SO EVEN. A GOOD READ FOR ALL...ENJOY THIS ONE AND LET EVERYONE KNOW ABOUT THE SISTERHOOD. I WISH I WAS ONE OF THEM...LOL
Total con artist! This book was incredible! A very good reading that will leave you amazed! He is a fast thinker and quick user of people. Yet the banks learned much about updating their system. A must read!!
good but to short Tis is a good short story but I was hoping for more I'm not a big fan of the yuzan vong war series but this was good anyway more would have been better
Very uplifting and encouraging read This is a very great practical book on living the Spirit filled life. Stanley uses many examples, illustrations, and lots of scripture in this book. This is not an academic look at the Holy Spirit but a book focusing on the practical. This book has chapters on the fruit of the spirit, the gifts of the spirit, etc.. For more depth on these topics Jerry Bridges and other authors have written books, but as mentioned this book is practical and not academic, so the content is not going to satisfy a seminary class, but will satisfy anyone wanting to learn how to better live their lives through the power of the Holy Spirit. I have three books on the Holy Spirit and this by far is the best. Living beyond your capacity by Paul Chappell was not very helpful and one I d not recommend. God in You by David Jeremiah seems more in depth and more academic, however I wanted a practical book on the Holy Spirit, and God in You did not seem to be academic or practical enough to fit my bill. So this one by Stanley is the best no question in my library to date.
Great Good books, all of them. This is one of my favorite authors. Love this series! ! Keep 'em coming!
but he also was very good with a gun Hawke was a concert piano player, buy chose to play in solons in small towns, but he also was very good with a gun. Need to read book to find out all the things he did.
She's Done It Again! What talent Anita Shreve possesses to be able to write so convincing and intriguing a novel told solely from the point of view of a man who has almost no self awareness, no sense of his own idiocy and chauvinism, and still wring forth a vivid character study whereby the READER understands so much more than Shreve's hapless narrator, Nicholas. Shreve fans will be thrilled, in many ways this is her best so far!Spot On About Extra-Large Catholic Families I recognized so many characters in Anne Enright's Booker Prize winning novel, "The Gathering" that it was a bittersweet walk down memory lane. She certainly nailed the large Irish Catholic families that I have known in all their sadness, joy and ridiculousness. The novel is essentially two stories; one of the Hegarty family and the loss of son and brother, Liam, and the other is the remembered story (and dark secret) of the weird/creepy love triangle of grandparents Ada, Charlie and Lamb. I felt that the Ada story was over-written and I found myself skimming these sections to get back to Veronica's more compelling narrative.
A great collection of Chandler's shorter works The remainder of the book's short stories (all of which are around 40 pages) are typical Chandler - the snappy dialogue, the quick violence and endings in which the law doesn't always win, but in which the bad guy always gets what coming to him. My favorites are "The King in Yellow_"(if one can forgive the racial attitudes and termonology of 80 years ago) about the murder of a jazz musician and "Pearls Are a Nusiance" about a private investigator attemtping to recover some stolen jewelry. None of the stories feature Philip Marlowe, although I believe (and I may be mistaken) that the detective in "Smart Alec Kill" - named Mallory - is the prototype for Marlowe. For those unfamiliar with Chandler's work, I recommend&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Long-Goodbye/dp/0394757688/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Long Goodbye</a>&nbsp;or&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Big-Sleep-Vintage-Crime-Black-Lizard/dp/0394758285/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Big Sleep (Vintage Crime/Black Lizard)</a>. For fans of his work, this is a must-have.
AN AWESOME SERIES....COULD NOT PUT IT DOWN I have read several Shannon Stacey books and the Devlin Group series is by far my favorites! This book is the 2nd of the 3 book series (in order: 72 hours, On the Edge, No Surrender). I never read books twice, but I will definitely be revisiting this series and I saw on the authors website that a 4th one is in the works! I can't say enough about this series and can definitely not pick a favorite!
Very Pleased Online book purchase enjoy being able to read books on ipad iphone or other device and instantly very nice feature.
A Hot Historical I don't usually read historical romance but this story was wonderful surprise. I'm glad I took a chance to read something different. I loved the story and the characters. I love romance and erotic books so I highly recommend this one. Kudos to Scottie Barrett and I'm excited to read more of her books.
Love Jennifer Crusie I just adore her books! They are always funny, romantic and pretty darn good stories.
kabam!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im a constant reader and ive read harry potter . hobbit. lord of the rings and hundreds more and this is one of my fovorites
Interesting how little political structures have really changed. I found the majority of this book to be mindless ramblings of old political struggles. However I found it interesting that the political structures and social relationships described seemed to not of changed much in the modern world. It described very well the exploitation of labor of capitalist markets.
Better tha I expected! I have been looking for in-depth, balanced news stories from around the world and this is it! I like that you can download an issue and take your time reading through the articles and then download another issue and for less than a dollar. This is really a great newspaper that gives me articles that I can't find anywhere else.
Amazing book, must read classic! Amazing book, must read classic!
Easy to follow, makes sense This book was recommended to me by my nutritionist. I have been searching for a sensible diet for pre-diabetes. South Beach does not cut it for me for a lot of reasons. The text is straight-forward without too much overwhelming science. Some books take up more than half the book with needless detail science, when some down-to-earth explanations will do. I liked this book for the following reasons: 1) has information about exercise and diabetes that I have not seen anywhere else before. Was very useful to me in planning my workouts. 2) has excellent suggestions for breakfast including a good explanation of the differences in cereals. 3) "allows" fruits but at a somewhat limited level I did not like it for the following reasons (and therefore gave it a 4) 1) it is incomplete in food listings. I had to buy another index and a GI index to get better information on certain foods. 2) recipes are limited and not all that interesting (but don't buy a book - you can figure it out) And one more comment - I can not find a good on-line tracker that includes the GL load easily. I found one site but it was too complicated. So I am back to checking lists, though by this time, I've got most of the values figured out.Difficult to follow I am half way through this book and already find it difficult to follow. There are simply way too many calculations and "rules" thoughts. Some things "count", some things don't. I use a food tracker which shows my simple calaories in the terms of grams of fats, proteins, & carbies. I looked at this book and their totals and could not figure out what was ok and what was not. Of course a tracker does not state what it acceptable and what it not". I have read a lot of diet books. I can tell that this is a relatively low-fat, quasi-South Beach diet. So far I totally disagree with the statement that sugar substitutes are ok. They are not - do your research. The book has at least explained why the South Beach types diets may work (but avoid the 2003 version of South Beach). I also think she allows too much refined products such as white bread. I did find some useful information such as how to tell a good brand of supplement. I will continue to read or at least skim this book for useful information. I'm glad I got it relatively inexpensively (Amazon) because I don't see all that much different or useable here.
Spicy! Wow! I can honestly say this was the finest romance erotica I have ever read! The metaphorical thunder and lightning created when these two characters meet is truly awesome. The dialogue was expertly written and entirely believable for both the Indian and the white woman. Was it "historically accurate"? No. Would this have really happened? Nope. Who cares!! This is a fun, hot, sensual read! I surely enjoyed it! I even loved the cover art. I only hope Nikita Black will continue writing more Native American romance like this.
A Blessing to Read This is a book that has touched my heart. This man's account of his NDE builds your faith and takes away the fear of death. I would highly recommend this book for the affirmation of the love of God.
esFantastic story Now that the mystery of the gold of St. Biel has been solved Gabby and Colm can get on with making babies. Good read.
The First in the Series NO SPOILER ALERTS HERE. THIS IS A REVIEW, NOT A SYNOPSIS. The Ritual Bath, a mikvah, is used by orthodox Jews to ritually cleanse their bodies and souls. It is performed by immersing one's entire body into a pool of running (as opposed to stagnant) water and chanting prayers. That hardly seems to be a place where danger lurks, yet, Kellerman uses the locale to introduce the reader to many of the features of her writing. First, she employs Hebrew words, foreign to most of us. These seamlessly explain customs, holidays, and rituals. To her credit, they don't interfere with the dialogue that she skillfully writes. Second, her protagonists can seemingly never have a relationship. Rina is a modern orthodox Jew. Peter is a gentile Los Angeles police detective. Third, the author turns an implausible idea into reality. (No plot giveaways here. (Read and enjoy it for yourself.) Next, being set in L.A., an enormous metropolitan area, allows us to accept the diversity of cultures within the plot. Last, Kellerman's use of opposites creates the right amount of tension between her protagonists. Some mystery writers, such as Lee Child, write page-turners that are impossible to put down. While Kellerman's plot turns, it lacks this edgy excitement throughout the book. The dnouement, however, is well done. She has more than one potential antagonist for us and the ending is surprising. The portrayal of the main female character, Rina Lazarus, is strong. The author has given her a firm voice. We can picture her, she rings true. It is Peter Decker, the male protagonist, who is not fully developed. He is somewhat like the TV detective Peter Falk played on the Columbo series decades ago. At face value he is a less dimensional personality than Rina. But, like that TV detective, there is more to Peter than we initially see. As a first in a lengthy series, The Ritual Bath is a good introduction for the reader. We learn about the characters. Who they are, what their value systems and beliefs are, and how they meet. This back story is essential in understanding their motivations. If you like serial writing and enjoy the familiarity of characters and settings, this story is a good place to start.
Kellermans decker etc makes u want to read the nexxt book in theseries I read all the series jlius purchased THE MONSTER a real page turner
Four Stars its ok..
Action-packed Sci-fi series 3.5 Review of Series I marathoned through this series and literally couldn't put it down. It's a highly entertaining sci-fi adventure story. Moon does an especially good job with the military aspects, especially the ins and outs of communications during war and the choreography of space battles. For many reasons the series, especially the first volume, invites comparisons with Lois Bujold's Vorkosigan series, which unfortunately spotlights the weaknesses here: the shallowness of the overarching allegory, a general lack of humor and the corresponding absence of irony that implies (with the notable exception of everything to do with the dog, Puddles/Rascal,) villains about as interesting as Sauron's eyeball o' flame, little interest in or distinctiveness to the secondary characters. In general, I am not a fan of hugely ambitious sci-fi allegories, what I usually label "Dune yada yada," but the lack of any larger stakes than "WE MUST DEFEAT EVIL" did in the end make this series less than it could be. To give just one example, the story hints at some of the difficulties female officers face--people are always assuming that Ky has fallen in love with any handsome man who comes her way--but it doesn't go any further than that, for example by really getting into the sexism of military culture or (like Bujold's Beta Colony) trying to imagine a culture where gender is mostly irrelevant. What we're left with is a rip-roaring, highly suspenseful action-story in space. Not fluff by any means, but not especially deep either.
Great plot - well delivered Novellas are not my favorite but I like Annmarie, so I thought I'd try it and I loved it. Whly? I have a storyline, a plot, a h and H. I know why Aislinn has an issue with trusting men. I know what Kyle has on his mind and I know what happens. How could I not love it! Great story, yes longer would have been better but, it wasn't just sex, I got a story - I'm happy! And I know that The Strength of Three is the follow-up book with her friend Christina's story, fantastic!
Beautifully written and hauntingly tragic... I first read Anita Shreve four years ago when I picked up Sea Glass. I found this book so unsatisfying that I vowed to never read another Shreve work. But an aunt encouraged me to read All He Ever Wanted and I was floored by this beautifully written and hauntingly tragic story. All He Ever Wanted is written in the first person through the eyes of Nicholas Van Tassel. Starting in 1899, Van Tassel is a professor of history at Thrupp--a small college in a small New Hampshire town of the same name. Van Tassel is eating dinner at the Thrupp Hotel when a fire breaks out. He gives aid to a number of other patrons, and is immediately smitten by the lovely Etna Bliss. Van Tassel embarks on a crusade to win the hand of Etna. While he's passionately in love with Miss Bliss, she shares a fondness for the professor that falls short of love. I can't divulge more about the plot without giving it away. But let me say it is a book that will haunt you with questions and what ifs. Is it possible to be happy with someone knowing that they don't love you? It is possible to love someone too much? How does love and passion turn into a dangerous obsession? What is the difference between love and ownership? And how is it that obsessive love can drive intelligent people to do rash, stupid, unethical and even illegal things (consider the recent case of astronaut Lisa Nowak)? You will continue thinking about this book long after you've finished. Shreve writes beautifully in All He Ever Wanted, though it is in the style of the Victorian era with lots of flourishes and embellishments. Van Tassel describes his courtship period as "They were as well days of great turbulence of the heart, of unparalleled joy of the spirit, and of a thrill within the blood such as I had never known before." The prose reminds me of Geraldine Brooks, author of both Year of Wonders and March. As a physical education teacher, I had to especially chuckle at Van Tassel's efforts to keep physical education out of Thrupp College. "To give a degree to students whose chief occupation for four years has been employing wood-and-iron dumbbells in rhythmic motions or running circles in a gymnasium, all the while yelling like Rebels, is nothing short of absurd." Unfortunately, such flowery writing will not appeal to all readers. I am glad that I gave Anita Shreve another chance and will be more willing to read her other books after finishing All He Ever Wanted.
very Entertaining! I had seen the movie and loved it. The book has (as usual) so much more detail and even tho the events are different than the movie it definitely holds your attention. The story is funny and witty and sad and happy. Frank's sheer audacity and childlike feeling of "aw heck, I'll give it a try" make him quite a lovable character even tho he commits crime, after crime. I would love to meet him!
Loved this series by Elizabeth Moon loved the whole series. Strong Heroine, true to her values. Smart .
Great books, great stories I love her intire story line of the Desert Rogues. I only had a few in paperback and was very happy to see it on the kindle.
Beautiful and complex This is a beautiful and complex story of surviving childhood with a neglectful father and no mother. It is simple, easy to read and well written
Down and Dirty from the Start This story immediately grabs your attention with the opening scene of Sally being caught skinny dipping in the water by Standing Bear. From the moment he saw her he made it his duty throughout the rest of the book to make her his. If you want more of a story line and less intimate details, this is not the book for you. For those who do desire a steamy ready to get your blood flowing, I do recommend this book. Standing Bear's arrogance and persistence to have what he wants is enough to keep you reading.
A Romance Junkie Raffaelle the hero of this novel was wonderful and the more I read the more I liked him. He was rich, gorgeous, and sexy. He'd been dating an ex model named Elise not knowing she was married to a powerful Greek tycoon. When he found out she was married he refused to see her again but the press had taken pictures of the two. Elise was in big trouble with her husband and she asked her sister who looked a lot like her to help her. What happens next is funny, sexy, and so hot. I don't want to tell you too much because it would ruin it for you. This book has conflict, and it moves fast and sweetly. I couldn't put it down. I give it five stars and recommend it highly.
A Hiistory of Quantum Physics This discusses how Quantum physics came into play and why it is widely accepted today. While I am terrible at following all the formulas I was able to understand the main principles. The book concludes y citing studies that prove telepathy, the paranormal and God. Really a good read to explore a complicated field.
A LONG DELAYED JOURNEY TO UNDERSTANDING I've wanted to read this book for years, buying a paperback version but never really getting around to reading it . I even bought another paperback version, specifically to keep at our retirement/vacation home, thinking and hoping to enjoy it while there. Unfortunately, I'm always working while there trying to ready the place for full-time enjoyment and never seeming to have enough time for pleasure reading. I finally gave in and paid full price and downloaded the book to my kindle, determined to read it BEFORE seeing the movie. The characters are so fabulously rich in depth that you wish they were actually part of your social circle of friends, except for T Ray, who you'd never want to actually know, LET alone believe he could be so cruel to Lily. Since I had started keeping bees myself almost 3 years ago, that part of the book was most enjoyable, and planting an orchard ourselves, lead me to imagining growing up as Lily having her favorite spot to hide out in the orchard as her escape from reality. Also growing into a teenager around the same turbulent era of segregation piqued my memories and emotions of those times and how far we've come, but how far we still have to go. The twists and turns left me aching for more and wanting to know how Lily grows into adulthood and what happens to Zach, I wished I had an August Boatwright in my life when I lost my mother at 19! I enjoyed the last pages of Q & A with author as much as the book itself, giving me even greater insight to the author's thought process and literary process. All I can say is....I can't wait to see the movie now, and decide which one of Sue Monk Kidd's books I want to read next!
Unparalleled This book held the gut-wrenching truth of all the physical, financial, mental and emotional turmoil caused by this nation tearing itself apart from the inside. Carrie seemed to know from childhood that she would spend her whole life in mourning. I felt that God gave her a mission to look after the memory of our honorable Southern boys who fell at the bloodiest battle of the Civil War. I'm sure there's a special place for her in heaven; she stands as the epitome of a Great American. THE WIDOW OF THE SOUTH is a must read for all Americans, especially for those who whine that we should pull out of Iraq or Afganistan after they hear of a few casualities. Nine thousand two hundred men fell in one battle there in Tennessee on November 30th, 1864! As a Southern woman, this book shook me to the core. I felt truth in every passage and cried many tears in the reading of it.
Fall in love with history again I adored this book. A perfect example on how to weave fiction with history. Mr. Hick's served the town of Franklin, TN and Mrs. McGavock well. If I wasn't in love with history before this book, I'd have just fallen hard for it.
Fan-dam-tastic! Loved Kidd's book. Beautifully written and thoroughly enlightening. Every one should read it. Want to know what the Deep South is really like? This book will give you a glimpse.
In love with Wings in the Night! The Wings on the Night series is enchanting! This series was the series that led me to Maggie Shayne, who I adore. I fell in love with the vampires from her series & reading this collection only served to deepen that love! I own this entire series, but I jumped on the chance to own this collection on my Kindle app. Part one contains some of my favorite characters - Rihanna, Roland, Tamara, Eric, and list goes on and on! Grab this collection and step into the enchanting stories of the immortal vampire! Embrace the night & fall in love with these amazing characters! P.S. Maggie is getting read to return to these characters in a new series! Catch up one your reading while we wait For the new novels!
Great purchase. Great purchase.Five Stars Great purchase.
A terrific controlled romantic tragedy. I always love Shreves genius in coming up with tales of woe. She is a master story teller and can weave the tiniest detail of a personality in moment in time, and eventually have it implode. Such a wonderful descriptive writer and she seems to know these people well and she understands her characters with true subtleties. This was a wonder rich book but not a tale that was at all enjoyable. The narrator was a true sociopath, he wanted his own way and did not really care how he got it or whom he hurt. I think a lot of people think these types of people are not caring or loving, they are but not if it does not suit their purpose. How he manipulated his daughter was disgusting. But the cleverness of Shreve's writing shone through with how she wove a tale of true tragedy on something so simple as marrying someone you do not love. The Asher brothers were an interesting pair, we knew very little about them but amazingly their characters seemed to come alive within the Tale. None of the Characters were particularly endearing they were slighty grey and sad. I could see how the tale could have had a few endings and was glad that Shrive took it the ways she did. A very good read and one to try if you are not depressed by bad romantic or life choices.
What you'd expect from this author I discovered Jennifer Crusie 'late' and really enjoy her books. As these are backlist books its a bit of a trip down a nineties memory lane (where they have to use pay phones to make calls and use newspaper clippings for research!). That said the plots are great, you want to believe in the characters and the romance is spot on.
Bees really do have secrets After not finishing the book the first time I started reading it, I picked it up again to try to finish it. This time the story captured me and I read half the night to finish! Being too young to remember the tumult of 1964, but remembering coverage of the integration of schools in Louisville, I appreciate Lily's acceptance of the African American women who took her in. Our world is so much better when we allow the distinction of skin color to blur and accept others for the human beings we are. Our prejudices can prevent us from learning lessons which would help us, while acceptance fosters growth.
Wonderful and sad Touched by the same fate that haunted her brother all his life, Veronica doesn't know that she is an unreliable narrator. Or perhaps she does. In trying to make sense of her brother's life she is perhaps only vaguely aware that she is trying to make sense of her own. Just as she discovers what had happened to her brother, the truth is not very pretty, devastating, in fact. Which makes it all the more remarkable and understandable that the truth she was keeping from herself she only now, as a result of her brother's demise, allowed herself to reclaim. The more we know about Veronica the more we realize that the harsh picture she depicts of those with whom she is in relationship with, her husband in particular, are not as flawed as she makes them out to be. The flaws lie firmly in her body and soul and were sown in the past, along with her brother, now deceased.
Timeless ideas I really enjoyed this book. It takes place long ago, but the ideas in it are timeless. Our modern society puts men and women on equal footing, but this book tells us that there are some areas in which men and women have differing talents, in general. But women can be business people, which was rare at the time this takes place. I loved the characters in this story, and admired their perseverance. I was a little leery of the title, wondering if it was going to be a lurid story. It isn't.
A Learning experience I had a hard time putting the book down and get to bed. It kept me in suspense until the end. Recently read another of her books with Decker. It is hard to say which was better.
winners definitely recommend....all winners
Poor Oscar, He Deserved So Much More In Life! I tried reading the book but I was caught up by the references made to local New Jersey references. I live by the old Amboy Cinemas mentioned in the novel. The novelist was raised only a few miles at London Terrace Apartment Complex in Old Bridge. We shared the same library. Junot Diaz has been nominated twice for the New Jersey Hall of Fame recently for his services to literature. This novel has won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and it is richly deserved. So instead of reading the novel, I listened to an unabridged version of the novel at the gym and on bus ride to and from Atlantic City. The novel unfolds about Oscar De Leon, his sister Lola, Lola's boyfriend, his mother, and her father. Their lives are intertwined to explain their circumstances and motives. This novel is richly woven to even understand Oscar and Lola's cancer stricken mother. At first, the readers won't like her but her back story is richly developed to help understanding her. I hated the ending of the story as it is heartbreaking. The title clues you in about Oscar's life. Oscar is overweight and socially awkward with girls. He desires them but his appearance and obesity hinders possible relationships. He is able to make friends with girls but he is often heartbroken and even suicidal. Readers of all ages and backgrounds will connect with Oscar as the awkward outsider interested in science fiction and fantasy. He is also an avid aspiring writer himself. Books and writing have always been there for them when the world looked past him. Poor Oscar, he deserved so much more in life. We all do. I was almost in tears listening to the book on CD. It was actually better listening to the unabridged version. If you don't like reading, try listening to it on CD. I found listening to be richly rewarding and as effective as reading a novel.
Old fairy tales I'm glad I now have a new version of Grimm's stories. I grew up reading Grimm and Andersen and I lost my old storybooks many years ago. It's comforting to reread them now.
Hawke The normal cattle men hate sheep men. In the end all works out. In between cattle men kill sheep and sheep men. Good read.A friend and enemy. Hawke, without a soul, goes against a childhood friend who was also in the same regiment as Hawke. Good story.
The kindle New York Times will be late today because Amazon can't get their act together on ANYTHING IN THE PAST 2WEEKS! Love the Gray Lady!
Great start to the series I bought this book years ago at a yardsale. I am a part of the Review Team @ The Paranormal Bookshelf. Category: vampires, paranormal, 18+, series Spoilers: NONE Book #1 in the Argeneau Vampire series Won't lie, I have had this book for well over 5 years now just sitting on my bookshelf. I kept telling myself that one day I would get all of the series and then read them all. Well that is not what happened. I picked it up and couldn't put it down. The cover of course is fitting and the title alone just screams one of the themes of this book. The characters where complex which i enjoyed as well as the supportive group of friends in which the lead character is surrounded by. There were parts of humor and "uh oh" all wrapped up in this one book. Definitely a wonderful start to the series. There are some adult moments but nothing that would make this dark in any way. I would recommend to anyone who likes adult vampire series. So 5 out of 5.
good reading This book was well written and I had trouble putting it down. There was a lot of action. We got to learn more about Bennie and her life.
This still is one of my favorite Argenueau books! Am I crazy? I loved the idea of an hansome psychologist tied to the bed as a birthday present. Whats not to like. Aren't these reviewers satisfied with a cute guy, a daring rescue, an amusing family with stong charaters, romance, and a very extra painful transistion from human to vamp. Yes it is a lighter series, especially the begining books, so what. Go read Hamilton's Anita Blake series for more blood, death, and sex.
Five Stars good purchase.
Cool adventure book In the 3 book of the Ranger's Apprentice, Halt and Horace go looking for Evanlyn and Will who have been taken by the Skandians. This book is a cliff hanger because they don't get to them till the 4th. What I like about this book series, is that all the books are full of action, adventure, and expense.
Didn't realize I didn't realize that there was a third book in the series. This book is enjoyable and easy to read. This book can be read as a stand alone. It is nice to read them though to get some background.
complicated pulled off well this was better then the first book and that is a rare thing, also this book delt with difficult issues and i felt the charictors and story were succesfully written which is a diffulct feet. the story kept me going, i loved the whole thing and want lots more in this series comming.
Crusie Rules I can't begin to convey how excited I was to find this 4 in 1 download for the kindle. These four novels are among Crusie's earlier works, but they are all fast-paced, witty, and fun. Her books always deal with friendship, simple pleasures, and real issues in addition to great romance. Crusie always makes me laugh out loud with her dialogue and incredible situations. If you are looking for romantic fun, you've found it.
Love it Adventure, thrills, action, great detection. Who can do better than Sherlock Holmes? I love this collection so much that I have read them 3 times so far!!!
3.5 stars. A sweet sweet story What I liked: * Layne and Dev, the leading pair, are well matched and balanced. I don't usually like when one half of the couple seems to be contributing to the relationship more than the other half but, although Laine looks like the typical damsel in distress, he's also loving and caring and he tries somewhat to get himself out of the trouble he's in. * Layne: he's too cute to be true, but I read about him with a big smile on my face all the time and sometimes I just want to feel good. * I couldn't put it down, it was fast, a light and fun read, a book I'd recommend as a pick-me-up. What I didn't like: * The fight scene didn't satisfy me. It seemed it was edited away, I don't know how to explain it. It felt too rushed, although it had the potential for something more exciting. Maybe it's because it's a short story, but I found the romance was ok, it lacked a bit of action (or angst, even if I admit I prefer the angst at a tolerable level and mine is pretty low). All in all my rating is 3.5 stars. The next book in the series is going to my TBR list.4.5 stars. Jake and Remi are a wonderful couple, but Sterling steals the spotlight 4.5 stars. Best book in the series so far! I think it's the best because there is more plot than&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Without-Reservations-With-or-Without-Book-1/dp/B000WCWVSA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Without Reservations: With or Without, Book 1</a>&nbsp;and there is more Pack. I really liked learning more about the pack politics and the different roles of wolves in the pack. The concept of the Omega wolf is very original. Jake and Remi are a great couple and I think they were much more interesting than the couples we met in the previous books in the series. The only thing that I didn't really like was Remi's submission to Jake: it was pretty hot to read, but I think it was overdone sometimes, the way they switched to the sub/dom mode wasn't always smooth, but it's really a preference of mine and it doesn't detract from my enjoyment of the book. Remi's relationship with his brother Sterling was the best part of the book, you could really see how much they cared for each other and looked after each other. Sterling is young and full of energy and he stole the scene every time he appeared. I'm really looking forward to Sterling and Rhys' book. It was funny to see how this big bad guy was always ready to run to protect Sterling. I'm waiting for Sterling to finally grow up, even if he's quite a handful already. I was quite surprised by Remi, because in the second book he didn't appear like a positive character and I thought it would be hard for him to accept his new werewolf nature and I thought he would fight against his attraction to Jake much more. At the beginning he justified it with the fact that mating was a werewolf thing, something beyond his control. I appreciated very much when, while recalling his past, he realized that it was just something he has always had in himself. Jake was patient and understanding, he treated Remi as a fragile and delicate being and he respected his boundaries as much as he could. J.L. Langley has become an auto-buy for me.
Four Stars Hard to find anything in it. Kindle order and it was there in seconds.
SISTERHOOD Another wonderful story of the sisterhood and getting revenge. Not quite the detail of some of Michael's of sisterhood books, but a fast read and more pleasure reading about Nikki's revenge.
Kindle freebies make me smile I got this because it sounded good, and how can you pass up a Kindle freebie. Besides a good classic is hard to pass up.
A must READ After reading her Pomgranates, and seeing the thought process and birthing pains she went through to get this book written, I HAD to reread it. And I am so glad that I did. There are so many layers to this work, one should red it once through every year...like the Bible...for all those who are seeking to be loved "as a little child"...don't miss this masterpiece FIRST NOVEL by a great writer.
I couldn't put it down A very beautiful novels. I couldn't put the book down, it was that good. It's funny, emotional and the characters are all fascinating, even T. Ray.
Loved it!! Love this author all of their books. I can't wait to read more of the stories. I'm always waiting for their most recent books.
A must read if you enjoy time period books with super sexy men! If you like hot, irresistible men with an attitude this is the book for you! Ryder is a super sexy man who ran into some trouble, unknowingly got married and when he get out of jail it takes him a bit but he falls head over heels for his bride and she for him. Keeps reading until it over!
My favorite J L Langley has a way of spinning a tale that leaves a reader wanting more. Loved the story line and the patient way Jake was with his mate. Sterling was a great addition as well.
Five Stars Awesome read...
Thought provoking I really did enjoy this book. It is a book you need to read with your heart wide open. The only reason I gave it a 4, instead of 5 stars,is that the ending felt incomplete. I want to know what happened 5 or 10 years down the road. I want to know how everything that happened in this story played into Lilys future. Considering that the author talks about how many people have asked for a sequel, I am thinking that I'm not the only one who feels that way.
It is really surprising!! It is really surprising to see that Amazon.com Sales Rank is #2,995 for this book in the US, while I never see anyone buying or reading this book inside China.
What can I say... It was great having Judy, Mary (recovering from her previous shooting) and Bennie Rosato back! Good story! It's always interesting to see what these women will get into! Keep up the good work Lisa!!!!
Reads like fiction! Very exciting book! I can hardly imagine how all this happened to this young man I can only say that he is really intelligent and resourceful and I am very pleased to have red this book. Enjoy !
Five Stars great book!
Enjoyable I enjoyed this book, but didn't think it was as good as the others.
Excellent collection including paranormal mysteries Excellent collection of romance thrillers including paranormal based stories. Believable characters, entertaining dialogue and easy to follow story lines. I may re-read this bundle. I look forward to other works by this author.The Ritual Bath (Decker/Lazarus Novels) Fast moving mystery series with an emphasis of Jewish living. The author skillfully weaves the rules and possible concerns, such as kosher food, for living throughout the stories. The reader is never lost or confused with the plot twists. Believable characters, dialogue and story lines. This series crimes are graphic at times. I will re-read this book and look forward to more works from this author.
Good story as always! This third book picked up where it ended on the second book. It entailed the life of Will and Evanlyn as slaves in Skandia, and the journey of Halt and Horace upon rescuing Will and Evanlyn. There were times that my heart was in my heart due to the suspense on Will and Evanlyns escape from slavery. I got a little frustrated when the chapters on Halt and Horace were longer than Will and Evanlyn. I guessed the author was illustrating the prime of Horace in battle while accompanying Halt to rescue his lost apprentice, Will. The book was a page-turner and an easy read. Its suitable for young readers. The plot was stirring and entertaining. I felt like I was transported back in time.
Great book! Great book!
Got a lot out of it Suprisingly good
Engaging An engrossing police procedural/whodunit with likeable characters. I guessed the ID of the rapist halfway through, but that did not diminish the pleasure of finishing the book. My only quibble was the use of Hebrew or Yiddish with no explanation of what was being said. Perhaps the author was trying to have the reader experience the difference between the Yeshiva residents and the non-religious police detectives, but I just found it annoying after a bit.
Amazing This true story is amazing. All the things he did and got away with for so long, a nd the good person he is now.
very interesting novel I really like the subject matter that Fern Michael writes ...she's really in tuned with the way we woman feel...how many times have you wanted to right a wrong that was done to you
Loved This Series This book had its own story line with loose ties to the first two books in the series. It was just as good. I Iike it when good overcomes evil and people are brought to justice. I would have liked to see some of the characters pay a little more for their transgressions. Out of the three, this was my least favorite, however, I still really liked it. I felt Colm could have been developed more. Good Read Reader L
Five Stars The Joyce Meyer Book came as expected and in a timely manner.
Four Stars interesting reading
Another novel by Anita Shreve that I loved ALL HE EVER WANTED by Anita Shreve August 18, 2007 Amazon Rating: 4/5 stars Another excellent Anita Shreve book, ALL HE EVER WANTED is unique in that the main character and narrator is a man. The story takes place in the early 1900's, and begins with a restaurant fire. The narrator had been eating in the hotel restaurant when the fire broke, and he relates to the event and his first glimpse of the woman who will eventually become his wife. What is important is the narration, as it gives the reader a very good observation of the character of this person, Nicholas Van Tassel, who will come across to most as learned, somewhat pompous and at times arrogant. His speech is, I felt, over the top, and this is what gives one the impression that he often times feels he's above everyone else (which is implied, not stated). He is immediately besotted with this beautiful woman, who is a little past marriageable age but nevertheless attracts his attention. He cannot stop thinking about her. He finds a way to meet her, and learns that she is the niece of a colleague of his at Thrupp College, where he himself is also a professor. Her parents are deceased, so she is currently living with her uncle Professor Bliss until she is ready to return home to what is now has become her brother in law's house (being a woman, she had no rights to the property where she had lived with her parents. Thus she was kicked out of her own house). Nicholas begins to woo Etna, coming to see her at her uncle's house and asking to take walks with her. The courtship is slow and long, and Etna (the reader will notice) is not enamored with Nicholas as he is with her. Eventually, Nicholas gets the courage to ask for her hand in marriage, and Etna does accept eventually, as it is the better of two evils - she knows that her fate was to live the life of a spinster, becoming the nanny to her sister's children. Thus begins the life of Nicholas and Etna Bliss, with Etna agreeing to be the mother of his children, to be his wife. They have two children and to the outside world all seems to be perfect. But the marriage was lacking in one important factor - Etna did not love Nicholas, and Nicholas knows this. He hopes that as the years progress that his wife will learn to love him as much as he passionately loves her. The reader will know immediately that Nicholas's love for Etna is not a healthy one. He is obsessed with her, as is evidenced by his thoughts throughout the narration, and his actions. Etna is trapped in a marriage she never wanted, but felt she had to accept because she needed stability and a place to call her own. What Nicholas does not know for quite a while is that Etna is keeping secrets. And Etna does her best to keep them hidden, as they are the only sources of happiness she has in this one-sided marriage. I wasn't sure if I would like ALL HE EVER WANTED, being somewhat skeptical with the male narration, but it worked for me. Shreve creates a character that the reader will loathe, or maybe feel pity for, but I certainly had strong feelings towards this man who I felt was a chauvinist and a pompous jerk. But was he a result of the times? Maybe. Still, the life he and Etna create together is far from perfect, and I could certainly understand Etna's needs. Anita Shreve does it again, and has written another absorbing novel in ALL HE EVER WANTED.Lots of fun! Don't pick up "Stella" expecting something serious and deep. Read it for what it is - a fun romance that's light and airy and meant to take you and your mind into a world away from today's every day grind. Stella decides to take a last minute trip to Jamaica, and winds up having the time of her life and meeting the man of her dreams, a man a LOT younger than she is! But who cares? Stella does at first, and fights this battle all the way til the end. She falls madly in love with Winston, who is barely in his 20's, but he's the kind of man she's always dreamed of, and they "click"! I loved the style of the book - the rambling sentences that took us into Stella's mind. I loved the time she spent in Jamaica, and the fact that she had the guts to do this trip (it is something I've done myself, on a similar whim!! I can totally relate!). Stella teaches us that you dont' have to be stuck in your rut and conform - go and do what makes you feel good! Have fun!!
Five Stars It's all good
Vampire romance that can be silly... 5 stars from http://booksthathook.com The book that started the now twenty-one book long series I finally got around to reading A Quick Bite. I am hooked now on this series. This vampire paranormal romance was a good mix of danger, sexual attraction, and humor. I especially enjoyed how the characters got to know one another as people before getting into bed together or professing their love for one another. In my opinion, A Quick Bite was better than the most recent book, The Immortal Who Loved Me. I cant say yet about all the other ones in between. I plan to read the next one in the series soon. I don't have anything negative to say about this book. I have read some reviews that say the characters are not developed enough. I didn't think so. All of the characters, even the minor ones, felt like real people to me. Lynsay Sands does a great job with romance and character development. The mythology wasn't anything unique, but that didn't bother me either. I think the humor makes up for that. Lynsay Sands is now one of my favorite authors for paranormal romance, up there with Molly Harper and Vicki Lewis Thompson, who also know how to inject laughable moments into a love story. If you like vampire romance that can be silly at times, and you haven't read the Argeneau series yet, I definitely recommend checking it out.
book review A worthy read. Good price, easy download and son enjoyed reading it very much. Would recommend it to teenager who enjoys fantasy and/or sci-fi.
Good story and good read--innocent yet descriptive and interesting... I really liked re-reading this innocent yet descriptive and interesting book on my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kindle-Paperwhite-6-High-Resolution-Display-with-Built-in-Light-Wi-Fi-Includes-Special-Offers/dp/B007OZNZG0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kindle Paperwhite, 6" High Resolution Display with Built-in Light, Wi-Fi - Includes Special Offers</a>. I had read the non-digital version some years ago and was happy to discover it was still a very good read. I loved the Los Angeles setting and the inside information on elements of Judaism as well as both the unknown rapist and crimes against a Jewish sect plot. The romantic sub-plot between the detective and the Jewish woman was really sweet and made the story more exciting. I found this book to be a great treadmill read (my litmus test for whether or not a book is really interesting is if the time flies by while exercising) and really felt hungry to get back to it whenever I had to put it down. Try a sample if you're not certain that you'll like it. I was able to check out a copy from the library. I will definitely be reading more books in the series. Happy reading~*
Secret Pain Karim Spencer is a successful financial advisor with a live-in girlfriend and young son. He is living the life that he always wanted until the demons of his past start to get the best of him. Karim's brother Omar took the fall for a murder that he committed. Karim has tried everything in his power to try to get his brother out of prison but the countless appeals haven't worked. Karim comes up with plan to finally free Omar but this decision may cost him his life. Karim's sister Nadiah has made a lot of bad decisions as a single mother. She can't control her wayward teen son and wants Karim to step in to help her save him from the streets. Nadiah is also trying to finally get a decent job and be the mother that she should have been years ago. But is it too late? A Family Sin is a powerful novel by Travis Hunter. Hunter brought a timely and engaging storyline with strong characters. You will feel all of the emotions of every person in this story. Hunter's outstanding character development is what really makes this novel stand out. You feel Karim's inner conflict about his brother Omar's situation. You also feel the uncertainty of Nadiah as she tries to overcome her past mistakes to be a better mother to her son. The scenes are so descriptive in this novel that readers will feel like they are actually in Atlanta. The overall theme of this story is about trying to beat the odds and to choose the correct path for your life. A Family Sin is touching and awe-inspiring. Travis Hunter proves that he is one of today's master storytellers.
It may be set in space, but the characters were down to earth When a misfit daughter is sent of to learn in a safe out of the way setting all heck breaks loose. Elizabeth Moon sucks you in and before you are aware of it you're cheering the kid on, and then realizing she's not really a misfit kid, but just someone that needed a chance to prove herself. I wondered if I could handle things as well as the Vatta daughter did.
Four Stars Good!
A Utopian society gone south in practice The idea of this book is simple enough: it's Marx's and Engels' concept and plan for a totally fair society where everything is shared and everyone is (supposedly) equal. The problem is, "...absolute power corrupts absolutely," and when authoritarian dictators implement these ideas it always results in two percent of the people having everything and the remaining ninety-eight percent having nothing. The core focus of this political persuasion is on "the worker". It evolved from a prior eternity of monarchs dominating the poor and a response to the scourge of serfdom. Ultimately, Lenin used "The Communist Manifesto" as a means of promoting the Russian Revolution which ultimately became the cultural horror which the rest of us came to know as The Soviet Union. In other words, it provided the basis for a ploy on the part of the Bolsheviks (Communist Party). During the years of Communism, the Soviet workers used to convey a covertly-spoken credo: "We pretend to work and they pretend to pay us". That pretty much sums up how Marx's and Engels' plan played out in actual practice. Strangely, few people ever make the observation that the ideas of Marx and Engels were not at all original. Thomas More (1478-1535) conveyed almost the same concept when he scribed his famous work:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Thomas-More-s-Utopia/dp/1604500301/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Thomas More's Utopia</a>. In fact, people who have obviously never read "Utopia" would clearly not cite it as "the ideal society" if they were even slightly apprised of the numerous horrors of that fictional society. And so goes "The Communist Manifesto" in actual practice. Still, this is an incredible, eye-opening read and we SHOULD read it if for no other reason than to see how mans' best-laid plans can easily go awry. Highly recommended.
Exquisite writing beautiful tale. Couldn't put it down. I believe I read it long ago but it was all new again. An inspiring coming of age
Pleased With It My husband gets this on his Kindle and is mostly pleased with the formatting and layout as both seem to have improved since he began getting it in 2011. He's satisfied enough to get it continually and read it so I think it's working for him. We're both glad to have this instead of the print version.
Loved it. Wow, great book. The book started off slow, recovering from the mediocre book three of the series, but once things got moving it was awesome. Very clean, very kid-friendly. By the end of the book I was literally smiling at how happy the ending was. Already bought book 5...I liked it. After loving the first 2 books in this series, this one was kind of a let down. The story dealt with some pretty serious issues like addiction and cruelty that took a lot of the fun out of reading the book. Still, it was good enough to get me to read the next book in the series, which I'm glad I did.
Vampires, vampires and more vasmpires This was a very intense book. It followed a group of Vampires. It told the story of each vampire and his or her "chosen". I felt the portrayal of the vampires was interesting. The males were very HOT!!!! and the females very enticing!!! I truly enjoyed all the stories. The only thing I would caution is that you really must love Vampires and all things vampires to enjoy this book!!!!
i love sand,s a really good and funny book . i love this family of vampire,s don,t know which one first and don,t care cause the story,s are really great i fell in love with sand,s book,s and i laugh my butte off . and the price is not to high either i just think of what that guy put down his pant,s so funny i told a my doctor,s rep. a she ask me the name of the writer i told her say loved it to but i just got the one about tomas cause i thought i read something about him in this book? but if you get a chance read born to bite it,s great too. and the lady,s a vamp. i loved it and you will too.
another very hot book doesnt leave much to the imagination but i beautiful story as I said a very hot story and one you cant put down until its finished, I could read more of them. I would also make a great movie.
Great read not to be missed! Got hooked from the very beginning and didn't want to put it down sob as I read it in one setting. A teenager, Lily, seemed to be trapped in a circumstance she cannot escape from. Blurred memories of tragedy concerning her mother whom she barely remembers, and having to deal with a father who is harsh and cruel. Her journey is an inspired one and truly unforgettable! Highly recommended.
Purely for the historical value I give this book the highest rating for its honesty about the goals of Engles and Marx. I was shocked at a number of the goals as stated and can see that those goals are being pursued in the United States of America at this time. But in the USA these goals are being masked in order to get them past the consciousness of the average citizen. It is good to go back to the original authors of this theory of society instead of having to rely on rhetoric that we hear today. The book is enlightening and increases my desire to vote for elected officials who will lead us away from comunism.
My opinion. Robert Vaughan is a good story teller. This is not the first book I have read of Mr. Vaughn and It won't be the last. To comment on the story would be unfair to the reader. Read it yourself you won't disappointed.
Best Book ever! I have researched insulin resistance to the max. Atkins, south beach, no sugar, and on and on. I do read reviews...I ordered this book due to reviews...I am so thankful! Easy to comprehend & very encouraging...gave me hope and a plan to fight diabetes...
Unexpected This story was really good but was different from other vampire books in a good way I really enjoyed the story and the characters
Too Unbelievable Not To Read This book, and story, is too amazing, too unbelievable, to be true. And, yet, it is. This is the true story of Frank Abagnale, Jr., a high school dropout who became 1.) a pilot for Pan-Am; 2.) a pediatric specialist in Atlanta and resident supervisor of a pediatric unit; 3.) a lawyer with the state's attorney's office; and, 4.) a sociology professor at a Utah college--all before the age of 20! Frank was the smoothest of con men. It is unbelievable how he faked an FAA license; a law degree from Harvard and enough bad checks to keep him in permanent retirement. If Frank's jetsetting life-style is too much to believe, then you will have a great time reading of his jail escapes by 1.) fishing himself down an airplane toilet and 2.) just simply walking out of prison after convincing guards he was undercover. This story is just to unbelievable not to read! A fascinating look at how easy a life of crime could be.
Never have so many extrapolated so much out of so little A concept born in a simpler time used as an excuse for many things from Socialism to controlled capitalism. As with any pivotal work, one should read it for his/her self. There is always the chance of misinterpretation by an individual, but if you do not read this then you are just accepting someone's word anyway. This is more than an economics book it is a way of life. It sounds good on paper but makes many assumptions. Instead of worrying about workability, look at the logic that is built on assumptions of that time (written, in 1848). Add this to your library. You can pick a side (pro or con) and make a stand if you like; but look at the size of this book and realize that many people will just use the title and build their own case. You will have read the real thing. Be sure to balance it with "The Capitalist Manifesto" by Louis O. Kelso The Capitalist Manifesto by Louis O. Kelso and Mortimer J. AdlerNever have so many extrapolated so much out of so little A concept born in a simpler time used as an excuse for many things from Socialism to controlled capitalism. As with any pivotal work, one should read it for his/her self. There is always the chance of misinterpretation by an individual, but if you do not read this then you are just accepting someone's word anyway. This is more than an economics book it is a way of life. It sounds good on paper but makes many assumptions. Instead of worrying about workability, look at the logic that is built on assumptions of that time (written, in 1848). Add this to your library. You can pick a side (pro or con) and make a stand if you like; but look at the size of this book and realize that many people will just use the title and build their own case. You will have read the real thing. Be sure to balance it with The Capitalist Manifesto" by Louis O. Kelso <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Capitalist-Manifesto-by-Louis-O-Kelso-and-Mortimer-J-Adler/dp/B000L7QOFM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Capitalist Manifesto by Louis O. Kelso and Mortimer J. Adler</a>
Great Romance Loved the entire book. Terrible and terrific things happened to werewolves and their friends in New Mexico. The inclusion of Native Americans culture adds another dimension.
a century later, still quite amusing Thirty years before Sinclair Lewis published&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Babbitt/dp/1619493039/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Babbitt</a>&nbsp;and set the standard for smug, self-important middle-class conformity, there was The Diary of a Nobody and Charles Pooter. Pooter, a senior bank clerk in the City renting a home in a London suburb of Holloway, encapsulates Victorian respectability, snobbery, and pretensions. Pooter nearly invariably gets the short end of the stick in his interactions with his two neighbors, Cummings and Gowings; his spendthrift, reckless son Lupin; and the various tradesmen and servants he attempts to bully. Slavishly devoted to his employer, Mr. Perkupp, Pooter tries without much luck to cut his son into the same mold. Instead, Lupin slacks at work and spends his nights engaged in amateur theatrics or carousing with his chums till all hours. What's a father to do? First serialized in Punch in 1888 and 1889, The Diary of a Nobody was published in book form in 1892 and hasn't been out of print since. If you give this slim volume a chance (available for free in the Kindle format), you'll see why. Despite being a century old, The Diary of a Nobody remains quite amusing and is laugh-out-loud funny in parts -- particularly in sections dealing with tradesmen or with Lupin's impetuous business dealings or love affairs. As long as there are self-satisfied petit bourgeois snobs, The Diary of a Nobody will continue to entertain.
Fun Read This was almost as good as the movie, and fun to read - but I don't believe I saved it to my favorites. The writing was not as exciting as the escapades that happened.
Fun, emotional, power book I so very much enjoy this series. The Sisterhood can get away with anything. They seek out revenge on behalf of those that have been SERIOUSLY wronged from others. It's almost a female vigilante group. It can be mental, physical or emotional payback. This was pretty hard core. Wouldn't everyone just once in their life want to get back to someone if they could. This is a way we can pretend to just do that. Wonderful book and so fun to read. It was also very emotional and powerful story regarding love and loss.
One of my favorite in the genre. Sometime I really appreciate an author that decides to forget over the top and go for broke. J.L. Langley does that with this hero and does it well. Jake is a handsome, Native American, biker, PI, gay, werewolf Alpha. How can you resist? He finds his forever mate in Remi, a newly made werewolf. Remi's so far in the closet he's in the next room. After a lifetime of terror and abuse at the hands of his father, Remi has blanked out any feelings he ever had for men. His life revolves around doing whatever his father demands in order to protect his younger brother from the abuse he endured. As he opens up to Jake, buried memories surface that put everyone he loves in danger. This is part of a series but can be read as a standalone. The author is currently working on a sequel that I eagerly await.
Four Stars Factual coverage with detail
Great historical story Great historical story. You really get a feel for what soldiers in the civil war might have went through. Main character was surprising. I did enjoy the book.
Sad but so true to life Oscar Wao was such a sad story. His sad life touched my heart. I learned much about life in the Dominican Republic during the horrible years of Trujillo.
Paradigm changer Hi. I bought the first version of Lynn McTaggert's book and then this one. It is a paradigm changer, and it is based on current science. I do not throw lightly around the phrase "paradigm changer." I am aware of what the phrase means. This book is a paradigm changer, and may cause you to perceive yourself and the universe in an entire new way. It did me.
Great book! Great book!Great book! Great book!
WONDERFUL Holmes set is 100% complete & perfectly formatted This authorized 2-volume set (joined into one fabulous ebook) from Random House/Bantam contains ALL the Sherlock Holmes novels and ALL the collections of Sherlock Holmes short stories, including ALL the stories in "The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes" frequently omitted from some other so-called "complete" sets; this set truly is 100% complete. EVERYTHING Sir Arthur Conan Doyle ever wrote about Sherlock Holmes is here: all 4 novels and all 56 short stories. The informative introduction by Loren D. Estleman is an added bonus (though it appears twice in this ebook version, once at the start of each of the 2 volumes as originally published in paperback by Bantam). This ebook edition is very well-formatted, comfortable to read, has an active TOC (in which the books are presented in proper order), and even accurately depicts the graphic representations in "The Dancing Men," unlike many other versions which substitute the word "graphics" for the drawings. Though there are no illustrations (such as some include from the "Strand Magazine," in which most of these stories originally appeared), this is, nonetheless, undoubtedly one of (if not THE) very best Sherlock Holmes collections currently available in the Kindle Store. (FYI: The non-Holmes set of 10 "Tales of Mystery and Terror" is sometimes added to other sets -- especially incomplete ones -- to boost their total story count, but this is easily obtained in the Kindle Store as a public domain freebie.) So if you love reading these beloved classic Sherlock Holmes mysteries, this is THE ebook edition to purchase--and paying only $1.99 for Bantam editorial oversight and formatting quality (rather than going with some cheaper but incomplete, unauthorized, no-name, ebook bundler) makes sense. CAUTION: Be sure to get the $1.99 edition containing BOTH volumes 1 and 2. For some odd reason, the two volumes are also being sold separately, each at a price ridiculously higher than this combined edition. ADDENDUM: Since the above was written other truly complete sets have appeared that you may wish to consider and compare to this one. Any truly complete set must have 9 books consisting of: 4 novels- 1-A STUDY IN SCARLET 2-THE SIGN OF FOUR 3-THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES 4-THE VALLEY OF FEAR And 56 short stories in 5 books- 1-THE ADVENTURES OF SHERLOCK HOLMES 2-THE MEMOIRS OF SHERLOCK HOLMES 3-THE RETURN OF SHERLOCK HOLMES 4-HIS LAST BOW 5-THE CASE-BOOK OF SHERLOCK HOLMES Be careful with that last title; some will list it but only provide 2 stories from it.
Lori Foster Bundle These stories were entertaining, but by the end of the fourth one I had had enough of the macho men and their perfection. These guys are harder to believe in than vampires and werewolves. Real men? no so much!
Good read This book was really good. I enjoyed the story because it was very real to me. It showed a possible life for a girl in the south during the times when blacks were beginning to vote. The writing was good and I found no errors.
Great read Don't know why I hadn't read this before. One great read!
my favorite author Great read,wonderful story and great buy! Well worth time and money to get and read! Try it you'll like it!
Really good! This collection of stories was shockingly well written! The plots were well thought out, the characters had depth, and the stories were fast paced but not short! A few of the stories could give Anne Rice a run for her money. Not all....but a few!
I really enjoyed this book I like this book. I like westerners cowboys the best. I have a great many books. I like the way thestory line goes. It was a good read. I would recommend this book.
She keeps on doing it I am a devoted huge fan of Lynsay Sands. She never fails in any of her books to have excellent character and plot development. Then you have that very entertaining comedy element that she adds. Well worth the time and money spent.
Love to author, love the series Fern Michaels doesn't know how to write a bad books. There are several author's that you can count on for great books and she is one of the best.
Intrigue and the unexpected; Great Series! I love this book. Strong woman who's the main perspective. The rest of the series are really drawing me in as well. I can't wait to take the trip together and get lost in another world.
Four Stars Love love love these books.
Good read and educational I thought the book covered many great examples of the court over stepping the intent of the authors of the Constitution and explained by using well known cases as examples. It was well researched and easy to understand. All Americans should read this book to understand the courts abuse of power.
An emotional twister and legal thriller in one Interesting premise...a lawyer is confronted with a convict who asks her to represent her, and informs her that she is really her long-lost twin. Question is, would you take the case? Scottoline does an admirable job in keeping the emotional questions interesting, while developing an excellent legal thriller. The questions surrounding the case concerning police corruption and the guilt of the defendant continue to pile up as you progress. Keeping you wondering until the end where the truth really lies. While I truly enjoyed the book, and found it generally well written, I did find certain decisions and motivations lacking in believability, hence 4 stars instead of 5. It is definitely worth a read though.
Heath Graham Bundle I have read each of the books...they were great and I really enjoyed them, hated when it ended so I just had to get me some more of Heather Graham books.
Outstanding! Simply Outstanding! I would give this one 6 stars if possible. Robert Hicks has written a wonderful book. He intertwines fact and fiction in a manner that will hold your interest from beginning to end. I have been to Franklin, Tennessee and to Carnton, but will never look at them the same way. This work is based on a true story about a remarkable woman with passion unequaled; a passion for the dead and those facing death. You will ride an emotional roller coaster throughout this book. I have read Civil War books for many, many years and can truthfully say, "This is one of the best."
he bases his theory on the simple idea that history occurred as it did not because some races or civilizations were superior to This 1998 book won a Pulitzer Prize for its author. Essentially, Diamond presents a world view of history that attempts to explain why there are such huge discrepancies between Eurasian cultures and other aboriginal cultures. For example, he bases his theory on the simple idea that history occurred as it did not because some races or civilizations were superior to others but that they were instead victims of geography. I have to agree with his theory. I do not, however, agree with his timelines - that tens of thousands of years took place throughout the dispersion of humanity around the globe. But then, Diamond is an evolutionary bio9logist, which explains his particular slant on time and progress. Diamond got started on this theory when a Papua New Guinea native asked him why the white European races had such advantages over peoples like himself, and why they acquired so much "cargo" in their cultures. As an example, Diamond points out that the Incas were captured by a handful of Spanish conquistadors, in spite of their intelligent civilization. He continues to explain his theory, in which factors such as food production, animal domestication, and differences in germs and technology cause the balance of power against a lot of aboriginal societies. Diamond contends (correctly, in my opinion) that peoples like the Papuans are not less intelligent in any way, biologically or intellectually, but are caught in a part of the world where no domestic plants, animals (including beasts of burden) and improvements in life styles do not occur. V concludes (again correctly, I believe) that the main instigator of advanced civilization is domestic progress in food production, which results in the dedication of higher learning, politics, and armed defense/offence. These advantages are established simply because certain areas of the world are naturally acclimated towards this sort of improvement and success. The Fertile Crescent, east Asia, and Mexico were good examples. It all makes perfectly good sense to me. I never did agree with the suggested superiority of one race or ethnic group over another. It is interesting that Diamond, who believes in the farce of Evolution, would believe (correctly) that all humankind has the same innate ability to progress, if only given a fair opportunity in natural surroundings. This intriguing book is worth reading for that perspective, if you are willing to set aside evolutionary slants. I cannot believe, for instance, that aboriginal wanderers into North America would take as long as a million years to migrate from that Fertile Crescent into southeast Asia, or even two thousand years to get from northern Alaska to southern South America, as most demographers maintain. As for the human race being possible seven million years old, it is too far a stretch of the imagination to consider, especially as this otherwise decent theory stems from a man who believes all human societies have the same survival and learning abilities. A decent three-hour presentation of this book as been made by the National Geographic Society.
Comprehensive, Well Written News There are many ways to get the news these days. In fact it barrages you through all the media all day long. But I choose to read the New York Times on my Kindle to get the facts and opinions. It's like an anchor in a storm.
Sweet Jesus! Loved this book the first time I read it long ago and loved it again reading it today! One of my students reminded me of this book as they were reading it as well. Excellent book. Well crafted.
Great Series I have the Desert Rouge series in paperback. I read them over and over. I'm glad that I can finally get them in ebooks.Great Series... I have the Desert Rouge series all in paperback. I read them over and over. I'm so glad that I can now get them as ebooks.
A great read and see why below There is a reason why you should read the excerpt of a book, only to see if you will enjoy the read. Either a complicated read or a simply read and both are just as good in my view.
Delightful fantasy romance! Jessaline Nolan has spent most of her life fighting her father and suffering the consequences. When she vows that she would rather marry a `demon' from Dunmore rather than the man her father is forcing her to marry, her wish comes true in the form of Lord Llewellyn Dunmore. Instantly attracted to and promising to be a good wife, particularly in the bedroom, Jessaline has no idea how much Llewellyn will come to mean to her, especially when their marriage is threatened by outside forces. Llewellyn Dunmore has spent his life watching his father go from woman to woman. He knows no different and so he puts his knowledge to use by seducing anything in skirts. He is happy and content to love women and leave them until he comes face to face with a red haired beauty vowing she would rather marry a Dunmore than the man handpicked by her father. Vowing to not disappoint the lady, Llew marries her, but not before exacting a promise from her giving him full control of their nocturnal activities. Llewellyn has no idea that he has just found the one woman to sooth the demon. Lord Demon's Delight was in essence a delight to read. I loved the premise and especially how the two characters met. I found myself laughing at the antics of Llew's brothers, mostly because they couldn't understand how Llewellyn could succumb so easily to one woman. Add three crabby and mischievous fairy godmothers and my reading was filled with love and laughter. I found Jessaline to be Llew's perfect mate. Innocent but fiery, she threw this tough man for a loop and I loved watching her ensnare him completely. Lord Demon's Delight is the first book I have ever read by Gia Dawn and it won't be the last. I am officially hooked on the Demons of Dunmore series, and I can't wait for the next installment. Lucky for me, I only have to wait a couple more months until the second book releases called, Lady Strumpet. Natalie S.4.5 Blue Ribbons from Romance Junkies! Devlin Johns is supposed to be meeting with Victor, the alpha of the wolf pack that resides in Asheville. However, when he arrives at the meeting site, he sees an omega being assaulted. While omega wolves are the lowest wolves of a pack, Devlin knows that they are still invaluable to the smooth running of a pack and deserving of protection. Getting in the middle of the ruckus, Dev stops the assault, which only re-directs the alpha's hatred toward him. Feeling a tingling along his spine, Devlin is both astonished and ecstatic that this unconscious omega might be his mate. It isn't until the omega wakes up that Devlin will know for sure. Laine Campbell smells something wonderful as he slowly reaches consciousness. Unsure of where he is, he opens his eyes and is instantly delighted and amazed at what he sees. He has a mate of his very own and this mate is hot! Not only is he hot, but he seems to feel the same way as Laine. Not quite understanding how to proceed, Laine happily lets Devlin take over and enjoys every aspect of their lovemaking. Laine and Devlin set out to slowly explore their relationship. Devlin has no plans to let Laine go, no matter that the alpha of Asheville is a jerk and a bully. Devlin plans to show Victor how an alpha is supposed to act and he is going to enjoy every minute of it! Once again J. L. Langley has woven a tremendous story of love and acceptance. In WITH LOVE, Laine is endearingly accident-prone and constantly making mistakes. I found it humbling to see Devlin take him as he was, and love him in spite of his quirks. Laine charmed me with his first smile of delight at finding Devlin by his side. Their loyalty to each other was just the icing on the cake! WITH LOVE is one of three novellas in the anthology, A Heart From The Ashes, coming to Samhain in January 2007. I just can't get enough of J. L. Langley!
For Civil War Buffs In USA Today, reviewer Deirdre Donahue applauds the book for the passion the author shows for his subject, for his substantial research and his good intentions. She felt it would have been an excellent non-fiction title (based on the true story of Carrie McGavock). As fiction though, she dismisses it as "an overwrought, overwritten novel that misses conveying the war's terrible reality and the courage of one woman." Somehow the author failed to "perform that literary alchemy that transforms information into a believable plot and compelling characters." The reviewer points out the author's failure in keeping the language true to the time. Personally I think it sounds worth a read, as long as the reader doesn't expect the heart-touching prose of Gone With the Wind or Cold Mountain. I'm giving it 4 stars for in-depth history deducting 1 star for its fiction drawbacks.Intermittently Satisfying/Disappointing Most of us hope Mayes recreates that magic feeling of place that we all loved in Under the Tuscan Sun. This book strings together accounts from four years of trips to interesting regions of the world (Andalucia, Burgundy, Capri, Crete, Scotland, etc.). She arranges them in season to form a single year, but somehow it failed to hold my interest. Perhaps it was an overdose of literary references or maybe it was the episodic, travel diary feeling. As a librarian, I probably have a greater tolerance for someone quoting obscure authors or rhapsodizing about literature, but it lost me. The descriptions of scenery and food in the different regions fit well with her writing style. "The slanting light rakes the water. I love the long summer twilights." I tried plowing on through the book just to soak up the vignettes of interesting people, food and places, but found my attention wandering. If you're a fan of Mayes, do give the book a try. Maybe it will inspire you or you will find some destination that lures you to travel.
Hades Daughter This was the second attempt at this book - the first being when I was a teenager and I just couldn't get through it. This time was totally different. A very complex and compelling story taking us back to the days of the ancient Greek gods. With the fall of the ancient Labyrinth, evil is unleashed on the Greek world and civilization quickly crumbles. Far away on the coast of what will one day be England, one small outpost thrives with the Mistress of the Labyrinth as it's leader. Calling out to her partner, the Kingman, she sets in motion a devastating series of events that will either lead the world into the light, or destroy it forever. While at times the complex storyline made the book drag a little - every sentence had a reason for being there, you just might not realize it yet. Definitely not a book for those wanting a quick run through a fantasy land, this book requires a bit of concentration - but it's well worth the effort. About half way through things just started falling into place and I had a hard time putting it down.Wings in the Night A collection of novels and short stories about vampires falling in love (see Msg 107 for review of first in series). Overall pretty good stories, but I wouldn't recommend reading them all together like I did. They start to get a little predictable. I'm going to wait a little bit before diving into the rest she wrote. 3/5
A historical novel that is pure mithril Getting the average reader interested in reading about the history of the Dominican Republic is a pretty daunting undertaking. Based on that premise alone, it's hard to imagine a publishing house rushing to publish this novel. I myself, a Spanish major in college who has lived abroad for long stretches and has a more than passing interest in the history of Latin America, would not have rushed to the store to buy a book about this tiny, poor Caribbean nation. Couching such a history lesson as a story of one family's immigration and assimilation into the US over the course of several generations has been done successfully before, and that overall story structure serves this tale well. The author deftly weaves together the various generations of the DeLeon family, going easily between the present and the past and gradually letting the reader discover the indignities both small and large that people living under a military dictatorship must endure. Other than a few chapters in the middle where I thought the tale lingered a bit too long on the sexual coming-of-age of a secondary character, the writing is wonderful, and yet would not have been sufficient to catapult this novel into the stratosphere of the Pulitzer were it not for the amazing protagonist. As the title states, the book is really about the life of one individual named Oscar. Oscar is a scifi geek living in New Jersey in the 1990's and he is one of the most unique characters I have ever encountered in fiction. Being a bit of a scifi geek myself and knowing many, many "Oscars," I found him loveable, compelling and completely realistic. Beneath all the scifi references is a lesson of the importance of tolerance and inclusion that I was not at all expecting but which turns this book from silver to mithril.
an absolute modern classic First off, you should read Gregory Baird's review of this book on this website. My review is meant to augment his and provide some ancillary information (and opinions). Junot Diaz was born in the Dominican Republic in 1968. He moved to NJ when he was six-years old. He spent his teenage years in Old Bridge and Perth Amboy. He got his undergraduate degree from Rutgers and his graduate degree from Cornell. He is currently teaching creative writing at MIT. He won the Pulitzer Prize for this novel in April, 2008. He released a note that stated his shock and appreciation for the award, and then he went on to rhapsodize about how thrilled he was to win the award in the same year that Bob Dylan was given an honorary Pulitzer. For the naysayers and the censors: Mr. Diaz uses curses, describes sexual situations (from both the male and female point of view), depicts violence, and he doesn't use standard punctuation. If these are things that traditionally bother you, then you should avoid this book. Diaz makes a great many allusions to The Lord of the Rings, the Marvel & DC Universes, game mechanics from Dungeons & Dragons and the Rutgers New Brunswick campus. If you are familiar with one or more of these, you'll find the book even more rewarding (if you were born between 1965 and 1985 and have a few nerdy qualities, this book is definitely for you). Oscar is an anti-hero that is both endearing and entertaining. While the book shifts narrators and settings (to tell us the history of his mother and grandfather) and is gripping throughout, Oscar is, by far, the star of novel in every single way.
Five Stars Excellent!
Classic book and it was free. What else do people want. Beggars can't be choosers (that's what my Ma always said). Classic book and it was free. What else do people want. Beggars can't be choosers (that's what my Ma always said).
My Descent into Death This was a decent look into the phenomenon of near death experiences. I always appreciate learning about each survivor's experience.
Dirt Music is a Rhapsody of a Read I normally will not finish a book that has no punctuation for dialogue (Cormack McCarthy is one of those authors I just cannot read). But Dirt Music is beautifully written and is easy to keep track of who is speaking and doing what. A dramatic love story. I enjoyed it very much. Heidi M. Thomas author of Cowgirl Dreams and Follow the Dream
Five Stars Great book!
Maggie Shayne is one of my favorite authors of all time Maggie Shayne is one of my favorite authors of all time. Her writing is impeccable. I loved this story. It had it all. Can't wait to read Wings in the Night part 2.
Mountain Magic I liked Stone and Madison's story. The best way I can describe it is "quiet love". Both of them are not known for being loud or flashy, but the passion between the two will still scorch the pages! I swear, I'm going to have to take a trip to Montana one of these days and not only see the beauty of this land, but also find one of these corn-fed beautiful men!
who doesn't love Grim's Fairy Tales I was excited to re-read this. It's been years, and each tale came back as a vivid reminder of my youth. A great book!
Amazing I could hardly put this book down. I loved the movie and this was even better and more amazing. This man is a genius! It is hard to believe the confidence and boldness he showed. And everyone he met liked him. Anyone man or women teen or older would like this book. I would like my son's to read it.
On a plane, they meet Stone Westmoreland meets Madison Winters on a plane and Madison is trying to find her mom in Montana who ran off with a man that sounds like Stone's Uncle Corey, who allows no women on his mountain. Once they find the older couple, do they feel the attraction between them. Will they surrender? Must read.
Great book (s) Not a single book of the Bloom Street books I don't like!! Love every one!! You cannot go wrong with them. You'll feel like you're part of the family when you read them!! :))
Four Stars Good western
A delectable Dominican dish of (mostly) unsavory, (oft cursed) characters What is so great about this book? First of all, the characters: a heavy-set, hopeless romantic, computer geek, word nerd, and aspiring writer Hu&aacute;scar de Le&oacute;n; his lovely, loving sister Lola; their orphaned, abused, hard-working, (abusive) mother Belicia; and, surprisingly, the (story of the) siblings' maternal grandparents, Dr. Abelard Luis Cabral and his wife, a nurse, Socorro; as well as Yunior, the sometimes narrator sometimes love of Lola, who is Oscar's friend and roommate (not necessarily in that order. Second, the subjects: infatuation (Oscar's almost constant state of mind), love, sex, abuse, torture and murder. If that doesn't sound thrilling enough, the most wondrous thing about it is Diaz' crazy, fast-paced, in-your-face (p 19) "You didn't know we were occupied twice in the twentieth century? Don't worry, when you have kids they won't know the U.S. occupied Iraq either," writing style (filled with political and historical footnotes about The Dominican Republic and Trujillo, referred to as Mr. F[word]face), which includes more than a smattering of Spanish words, phrases and slang and enough overt, graphic descriptions of sexual situations and profanity to make the average reader squirm. The Brief and Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao is unusual in tone (sort of like, just your average Dominican Republic-born street-wise "n" word (used frequently in the book) letting the reader in on how it REALLY is) and style and an absolutely excellent read. Also good: Graceland by Chris Abani, Smila's Sense of Snow by Peter Hoeg, and The Kite Runner by Khaled Hosseini.
Fantastic Fantasy!!! Fantastic Writing by Flanagan. I have been enthralled with his writing and he is on his way to competing with the top fantasy writers of the modern age.Fantastic Fanstasy!!! Fantastic Writing by Flanagan. I have been enthralled with his writing and he is on his way to competing with the top fantasy writers of the modern age.
the diary of a WW1 U-Boat Commander An interesting look into the life of a participant in the Great war. Certainly a man who was changed by the war..
I loved this book! I am not sure what I was expecting, but this was a really delightful book. If you started reading it and thought it was just about civil rights in the south, you missed the whole point of the book! It is about so much more than that. The character development in this book is extraordinary. You know a book is great when you to know more about the characters lives when it is done. These characters truly work their way into your heart. Would definitely recommend this book
Five Stars Muchas gracias
Five Stars Excellent reading and a complete Newspaper. I enjoy very much its reading.
Enjoyed the book The book took you places you would not ordinarily think about. I loved the characters. Each one had a special part to play and they were inter-woven into the story in a very heart warming way. There was so much going on the 1960's and sometimes we tend to forget about the people who forged ahead and were willing to put their lives out there to help make things better for all.
Guick Bite Guick Bite I'm currently reading and so far I like it and its starting to get really good. I can't wait to see on how it ends.
they should make movies like this Here are three Jennifer Cruise novels that read like modern versions of the old screwball comedies. Nobody called "Bringing Up Baby" or "it Happened One Night" chick lit. They were just movies that were clever and funny and charming. About people with great chemistry who say clever things and have adventures until they realize they are better and happier together than apart. I'm not sure anybody writes this way anymore except for Jennifer Cruise, and if I knew how she does it I would try to do it myself. I wish they would make more modern movies like this, but oh well we can read Cruise and hope she'll write some new novels.
A Pleasant Change from the Usual Anti-Supreme Court Books Until I saw Levin on C-Span, I did not plan to buy this volume--I assumed it was just another in the long string of whacky "the Supreme Court is destroying our nation" genre of diatribes. Well, while I disagree with much of Levin's analysis, this is certainly a substantial volume deriving of serious attention. That being said, Levin's methodology is flawed in several respects. First, he equates judicial activism with non-originalist interpretation--yet many of the Court's supposed judicial "originalists" [Scalia, Rehnquist, Thomas] have been extremely activist in utilizing Court power as witness the 2000 election decisions. Second, much of the initial chapters is devoted to Levin simply ticking off various Supreme Court decisions which he considers to be subversive, crazy or both. Some of these decisions do certainly qualify as "self-inflected wounds" to be sure, but this approach becomes a bit tiresome. Things pick up, however, later with very strong chapters on immigration, the commerce clause, state power and other topics. It is clear that, to the extent Levin represents the "Federalist Society" point of view, Justice Kennedy has become a prime target of criticism, as to a lesser extent has Sanda Day O'Conner due to their "lapses" in upholding conservative interpretations of the Constitution in key cases. To his credit, Levin criticizes both the Florida Supreme Court (extensively) and the U.S. Supreme Court (a bit) relative to the 2000 election decisions. One of the most interesting and valuable sections of the book is Levin's focus on "liberal" interest groups hooking up with supporters on the Hill to try and frustrate conservative judicial nominations. He includes as an appendix various memos exchanged between interest groups and Senate staffers which are quite interesting to read. While they are, hardly, as shocking as Levin suggests, nonetheless they are quite fascinating--especially given the upcoming warfare that will ensue when President Bush nominates a Justice or Chief Justice. All told, a good solid read that stimulates the adrenalin.
Unique, but you need to know Spanish and English Pulitzer Prize in 2008, and written by American-Dominican Junot Diaz, is a partially autobiographical novel that tells the story of the Cabrales, a family of Dominican immigrants in the USA. The story is non-linear and covers a time span that goes from 1944 to 1995. There is a part that follows the life of the Cabrales American children in the USA following a natural chronology and line of events, while another part tells the story of their parents and grandparents from the present to the past, in reverse order. Diaz's narrative is fresh, powerful, captivating, humorous and extremely original. His characters are unforgettable, well drawn, multifaceted and realistic, warm and close as if they were real people you have known for years - perhaps because they are based on true people. Not a moment of boredom - guaranteed. The book gets you hooked from the very beginning. It is its characters, the many stories told in it, its humanity and credibility, the historical period that focus on the Dominican Republic, and the real portray of the challenges, sufferings and process of survival and adaptation of the Dominican Diaspora in the USA. The book is written mostly in English, but with a lot of Spanish paragraphs and phrasing, without any translation given (at least in the edition I used). Beyond the proper Spanish, you will also find the Spanglish used by modern generations of Latinos in the USA, which can be tricky to understand, too. You certainly need a good knowledge of both English and Spanish to read the book with easiness, and to get its vibe. The truth is that the book is very organic in its multilingualism, and that is because of it, and not despite it, that the book is believable and so very charming. At the same time, this is a very difficult book to translate into Spanish or into any other language, unless you provide translation footnotes, or even if you do. It is impossible to reproduce in reverse what the book says without losing content, style, freshness and credibility, because the language used is embossed in the cultural and personal experiences of the characters. A good reason to learn Spanish or English! The book contains footnotes explaining and detailing some of the historical background and figures mentioned in the story - the historical grip that makes the history understandable to those readers who, like me, are not familiar with the contemporary history of the Dominican Republic and with the Trujillato, i. e. the dark terrible years of the Trujillo's dictatorship and the policies of repression and extermination carried out by his regime. The book deserves the hype and good reviews that has had in the past years. My only criticism is that the book is sometimes a bit soap-opera-ish, even thought the story does not linger on anything that is not accurate.
a real page turner I read all 3 of the books in this series in one weekend. I could not put them down. There are some forensic terms I hope she learns as she continues to write (I.e. spatter versus splatter). Both those would only bother someone who works in forensics. Overall an awesome story and I can't wait to read more.
Suspense, Romance, Great Wow, 1st time reading this author. I will definitely buy more of this. I thought the suspense was well done. Kept me on the edge of seat. Romance good.
Kindle Washington Post Edition I enjoy getting the Washington Post (wp) every morning on my new k2 device. K2 allows me to view every headline within the paper and to view the break down of the number of articles that are within each section and to view items in that section only if I choose to do so. Included in the wp k2 edition is front page, metro (for every county), style, editorials, classifies, obituaries, world, politics, health, sports, metro, home, etc. Some sections, are not published daily; therefore, are not included on my k2 daily, such as, health, food, etc. I really enjoy reading the wp on my k2 while doing cardio at the gym. I've always used that time to read the paper, but now I no longer have to struggle with keeping the pages together or worry about the paper falling and having to get off my cardio machine to pick it up. The daily rate is $.75 or $9.99 a month. Now, I can smile that paper is not being wasted when I read the wp on my k2 each morning.
Like visiting an old friend, Lindsay Sands books are definitely keepers! I first read A Quick Bite back when it was first published in paperback format. Thanks to Amazon's match book pricingi I can re-read Ms Sand's classics despite having to downsize my extensive print library. No-one does humor with the smooth natural grace that is standard inn all her novels. Her imagination and talent has created characters that have grown more defined with each addition to the Argeneau Vampire series. Going back and rereading from the beginning feels like visiting with old friends. Ms Sands continues to deliver entertainment that reaches out and grabs you from the first, providing an enjoyable escape from your cares and worries taking you to the fascinating world that she has created. I highly recommend this series for anyone looking for a fun romp through the immortal world of the Argeneau's with lots of humor, action and romance.
Ranger Apprentice Books One of my son's absolutely loves this series. I was able to buy the whole set new here on Amazon and it arrived two days later with my prime account. I found the new price here on Amazon only slightly, and I mean slightly, higher than the used prices for these items on Ebay. Considering the price, and the excellent delivery options from Amazon, the choice was a no brainer. They all came in one box and were packed correctly.Ranger Apprentice Series One of my son's absolutely loves this series. I was able to buy the whole set new here on Amazon and it arrived two days later with my prime account. I found the new price here on Amazon only slightly, and I mean slightly, higher than the used prices for these items on Ebay. Considering the price, and the excellent delivery options from Amazon, the choice was a no brainer.
Fantastic Another thrilling, exiting and superb book, full of suspense, and venture and humour. It is a fantastic book. Nothing more can be said.Superb Another fantastic ranger's apprentice book. Must read for fans. It is a sequel that cannot be missed by fantasy adventure fans.
new way to find peace and love ainslinn and kyle were two very well thought out characters and I enjoyed ainslinn letting go of her fears and allowing kyle to get close to her.loved this book
Five Stars I enjoy reading this newspaper! It is real, fact checked news!
Plot-driven true crime autobiography exceeds all expectations Those who read&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Catch-Me-If-You-Can-The-True-Story-of-a-Real-Fake/dp/0767905385/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Catch Me If You Can: The True Story of a Real Fake</a>&nbsp;after watching the DiCaprio movie are doing themselves a disservice. While the movie is fun and does justice to the story, it is such a unique and compelling read I think it is wholly superior when read before watched. Of course, I saw the movie years before without even knowing beforehand that it is a true story of criminal genius. Frank Abignale Jr. was a PanAm airline pilot, attorney, pediatrician, university professor, and millionaire all before he turned 21. What's truly astounding is the seeming ease with which he was able to accomplish all this. Bravado and nerves of steel go a long way--but research and observation carried the day for Frank and his many aliases. There is no overriding message to the story. Thieves get caught. The author (and central character) was probably the best young thief in modern history. Had he been more prudent, he could have retired at 20 to an anonymous Caribbean or Pacific island with luxurious comfort. Instead, the character seemed addicted to the thrill. Payoffs were stashed in a dozen or more spots all over the world. He logged over a million air miles. Countless women and front-line bank and hotel employees were duped by Abignale's charms. There is nothing wrong with a refreshingly original, plot-driven read that happens to be non-fiction. If at all possible, read this while flying--I can think of no better airport book than&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Catch-Me-If-You-Can-The-True-Story-of-a-Real-Fake/dp/0767905385/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Catch Me If You Can: The True Story of a Real Fake</a>.Quality articles, well-formatted, priced affordably The Washington Post is the newspaper best formatted to the Kindle. It is serious, but the articles are not overly long (like some NY Times pieces). There are tons of sections (Front Page, International, Arts, Style, Weekend, Sports, Local, etc.) with myriad articles in each section. This is not the case with some of the other Kindle newspapers, which do not feature most of the articles found on the printed version or website. The Post already has a great reputation for political reporting and now deserves praise for the best English-language Kindle newspaper. If unsure about transitioning from paper to Kindle for news, go for the free, two week trial subscription that downloads automatically with your 3G connection.
Great story This is the second time I've read this book-the first was many years ago. Great form in the writing, the background and the characters-and it is so restful to have correct punctuation , grammar, spelling and whatnot. Restful and at the same time gripping-could not put it down.
5 Kisses, TwoLips Reviews Ryder is wrongfully imprisoned, addicted to opium, and currently sharing his cell with a corpse. But things are looking up; some witnesses have said they saw someone else commit the crime he's accused of, so he's released. He arrives home to find his uncle and cousin have been working diligently to deplete his fortune. Much more surprising than that, they have duped a young woman into marrying him while he was in prison, telling her it was Ryder's idea. All the paperwork was handled by proxy, so Ryder is now facing a wife he has never even met. He can't deny his attraction to his wife Jessie, but he treats her with disdain, disrespect and suspicion because he thinks she's in cahoots with his devious uncle. Jessie and Ryder slowly get to know each other; he realizes she isn't the schemer he thought she was, and she discovers he's not really a dangerous criminal. Now Ryder is faced with a new craving - his wife - and the only danger Jessie truly faces is losing her heart. I love a well-written erotic historical, and The Viscount's Addiction by Scottie Barrett is exceptionally spicy and satisfying. I found it to be especially interesting because a hero with a substance addiction is rare (at least in my experience). It seems to be a worse taboo than some of the other shocking topics we read about in this day and age. The conflict in this tale is not only about Jessie helping Ryder fight his opium addiction, but also about pride getting in the way of two people being honest with their feelings about each other. The Viscount's Addiction is poignant, delicious, and very, very good. 5 Kisses, 2 Peppers (light bondage, spanking, anal play) ~Lindy Reviewer, TwoLips Reviews, LLC [...]
Recommend reading in order but all are very good Third in the 'Sons of Daniel Shaye' series. Recommend reading in order but all are very good. I just hope Randisi is writing another about this family.
A Simple and Effective Program This is an easy to follow diet plan you can stay on for life--you won't be hungry and you will lose weight.
"I Was a Teenage Con Man" I love a good (...)scam, ever since I saw The Sting when it first came out. So I can't believe it took me this long to get around to reading Catch Me If You Can. I saw the movie first, and it was great. But the book is better. Abagnale goes into great detail about how he pulled off his frauds and this really made it click for me. In spite of all the intracacies of bank ins-and-outs, for instance, the story moves fast. You just can't wait to find out how Abagnale will get away with his current scam or if he will finally get caught. He actually does spend some time in prison and even that is fascinating, if a more than a little gritty. Even if you've seen the movie, you will want to read this book, because the stories Abagnale tells are a notch better than the ones in the film, if only because things get condensed in a movie. The story of how he recruited a phony batch of stewardesses for a European tour, which was a good scene in the movie, was much better in the book
Five Stars I loved this but I still want more.
This book is a wonderful book to start this particular series!!! This particular series is going to take you on a journey where Lyndsey Sands is one of the most unique and imaginative authors that I have ever come across!!! When I started reading books ardently, I was 13. I mostly read romance books and erotica, but, then Lyndsey Sands started writing paranormal romance books and I took a chance on reading this book right here and fell in love with the idea that there is more to the world than what we see! Now, I'm not saying that I believe in what I read but it's a really cool concept that it might be true!!! I have loved reading Lyndsey Sands books and I am recommending this particular book and series for your own reading pleasure and I count it a pleasure to read this series again, as it's the 7th time that I have done so!!! I have just realized that I didn't leave a review for others who are looking for something different to read than the regular romance stories that are the norm. Happy Reading to all!!! One of Your Greatest Fans, Lena deLeon lenadeleon2004.ld@gmail.com
Four Stars scary mentality but interesting none the less
Four Stars Good
great purchase this was a really great purchase at a very good price and I didn't even have to leave my home how convenient
Five Stars Finally a lifestyle that makes sense
Keep reading the Sisterhood books til you've read 'em ALL!!! READ IT
The obsession with love! What a read this book will be for those who decide to pick it up. Nicolas Van Tassel stumbles, in a tragic fire, upon a woman whom he finds himself completely consummed with. Suddenly his entire purpose in life is to have her, marry her, and if possible, win her love back. Is this possible? Can someone fall in love with you simply because you love them? Can decidng to 'settle' on marrying someone really be a pay off in the end? And what about women, not only of hte early 1900's , but of today also- who find themselves absolutely consumed in their family and home- what is their freedom in life? And finally, what is 'crossing the line', when you yearn for the one you love to be near you..... These questions are all so complex, and this novel will push you to the end of exploring these questions. A deeply moving yet very subtle novel. Very light on dialogue, this story consists more of Van Tassel and his obsession filled thoughts, his needs and desires, and how they rule his life. I was a bit stunned on his final admission of freeedom from this obsession and the only way he reaches it. Not a fast paced novel, but defintely deep and emotional..... through VanTassel's point of view you only pity him and his warped view of love. This is a book that will keep you thinking and discussing long into the night..... a good book for people who love to read!Interesting, but disappointing also I am a practicing Mormon, and while many of my religious peers would never be caught reading this type of book, since most of the LDS beliefs she presents as she 'bashes' them, I couldn't wait to dive into it. I was very disappointed in the fact that she gives so little information about the actual massacre, every thing she gives is so 'if-y' and, even if done fictitiously, I kept waiting to read more about the massacre, maybe from the women who dis-robed the bodies, or even more from the trial, anything to shed light on the subject to which I thought the book was about. Instead you will read much about (what the author portrays as) a sexually obsessed family and the need for their husband's approval. It was interesting, although again I will say, not at all what I expected. Let all readers beware it is a work of fiction, and in no way portrays Mormon doctrine as it is lived today.
Great book The book was great. A lot of characters changed from enemies to allies. It seems as if the series should probably be over now, but of course there are still more books. You should definitely read this book if you liked the other ones.Good book The book was good. It still had a lot of stuff that was unexpected, and I still think that it could end in another book or two. Some parts of it do seem like it is dragging out, but it is still good.
Great Story In a time when virtue and character were still appreciated and sought after, an actress wasn't quite the person to be allowed into the inner circle. Nor was it quite the thing to be involved with a "working" girl, one of those unfortunate women who had no man paying the bills. This is the story of how winding paths through life work out. A great story.
Four Stars Arrived quickly & as described. Thanks.
I LIKE IT. I received the 2 month free offer and like it so much I ordered it. I kind of laugh when my neighbors have to go down their snow packed driveways to pick their up. That is if they can even find theirs. Yes, I wish the cost was lower and probably will cancel it when spring and summer arrive, but for winter months it is a great deal.Good Read. I only have an eReader for the newspaper. I love it and the price is just right I would not pay anymore for it.
Love it! I can't get enough of Jennifer Crusie! This bundle is a a great value and I enjoyed that all 4 stories were intertwined. I can't wait to read more of Jennifer's books!!
Five Stars great book
It is a really good read. I read the whole book in 2 ... Stone cold surrender was full of surprises because Stone never wanted to be tied down to one woman but he had a change of heart in the middle of the book. It is a really good read. I read the whole book in 2 hours.
Si . . . Si . . . This review is of the unabridged audiocassette version of The Vendetta Defense as performed by Ms. Barbara Rosenblat. Warm, rich, rewarding, and engaging are all adjectives that jump to mind about this masterly story of the clash of cultures, egos, and generations. Ms. Scottoline has a rich imagination, love of her characters, and warm feelings for her readers that make this story come alive with passion, tension, and revealing emotions. The character of Anthony "Pigeon Tony" Lucia is one of the most interesting and appealing that I have come across in many years. He may be the most interesting defendent ever in a fictional case. Mr. Lucia is essentially a simple man of peace, with a great respect for nature, beauty, and honesty. Yet his natural goodness has brought him into conflict with the literal forces of darkness in the form of an ex-fascist black shirt, Angelo Coluzzi. The two men's lives have moved in parallel orbits for over 60 years, and this story recounts how all that occurred and what the implications are for all of us. Pigeon Tony has always sought to turn the other cheek, and has paid a large price for his acceptance of his tormentor's attentions. Did he do the right thing? The Vendetta Defense sets up many interesting conflicts to build on the basic one of good versus evil. These contrasts include the law versus taking action as ways to solve problems, the perspectives of different generations, the views of the native-born Americans versus immigrants, Italian-Americans versus those of other national backgrounds, and seeking pleasure versus seeking goodness. The plot is even more complicated than that, including flashbacks over Pigeon Tony's life, a complex set of legal maneuvers, physical and mental battles, and a developing relationship for Ms. Judy Carrier, Pigeon Tony's attorney, and Pigeon Tony's grandson, Frank. For those who like top-notch legal conflicts in their fiction, you will like the many twists and turns of this case. It also has a comedic flair to offset the many moments of darkest despair. You will be reminded of the gravedigger's scene in Hamlet at several points in the book. Ms. Rosenblat's performance is superb. She easily makes the transition between male and female voices, people of vastly different ages, alternative accents, and a wide range of emotions. I thoroughly enjoyed hearing her read this outstanding book. I strongly urge you to listen to this version of the book. You will undoubtedly enjoy the book even more than if you simply read it. After you finish The Vendetta Defense, ask yourself what you would have done at each step in the life of Pigeon Tony. What did you learn about yourself in the process? Let your actions show who you are!'Tis Better to Have Loved and Lost Than to Never Love at All The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao is a family saga about identity, love, loss, oppression, hexes, sexuality, and fate. Don't give up during the first 50 pages where Oscar, the fat science-fiction and fantasy aficionado Dominican-American in the ghetto, is introduced . . . it's the least interesting part of the book. From there, you will be transported into the past and future lives of Oscar's sister, mother, aunts, grandparents, and college roommate. Those lives are, in part, shared to present the history of the evil, repressive regime of Trujillo and its heirs in the Dominican Republic. The stories shared in this book rival anything you've read about the disappeared ones in Argentina. Any book with such a sad point needs a little levity to release the reader's emotions. Junot Diaz accomplishes that result by having Oscar be the most unRomeo-like Romeo you can imagine. Beneath the story line, the book asks a classic question: How much should we suffer for love? Oscar is in many ways a modern Don Quixote who is troubled by having sexual desires as well as platonic ones. The humor is more subdued, but the parallels are striking. If all you know about the Dominican Republic is that great baseball players come from there, you'll be pleased with this story. It's sweet and sad at the same time. If you don't know Spanish, keep a dictionary handy. You won't quite know what some of the references are otherwise.An Engaging Narrator Takes You to Liam's Wake While Shrouding the Past in Mystery When a book has won a prestigious prize like the Man Booker, readers feel a double challenge: Appreciate the book for what it is and try to figure out what attracted the award panel's approval. I think the former was easier to do than the latter in this case. Ultimately, The Gathering's subject is the difficulty with trying to pin down the truth of anything, especially things that happened long ago for which there is little or no contemporary evidence. If you've never thought much about that issue, you'll enjoy the subtle philosophical bent of the novel. That subject is explored in the context of a sister contemplating her brother's death. Veronica Hegerty is a very vivid and appealing character: Much of the book's charm comes from seeing her family through her eyes and memories. In the process, she reveals the kind of "within the family" opinions that all family members express in whispers with one another. Beneath her grief, Veronica also feels a need to share a secret with us . . . but she feels at a loss for how to do so. Her rambling reflections gradually spiral closer and closer to that secret until you realize its full shocking lesson: People may not be who they seem to be, and you need to be careful even where there seems to be no risk. There's an unedited quality at times in the book that captures what will remind you of the sorts of soliloquies that we've all conducted in our minds. That exposition method is very effective for making Veronica's feelings come across more strongly. Why did the book win the award? I'm not really sure. I found that the secret wasn't so very interesting as to make the philosophical question and the writing style worth the effort. The book felt like a well decorated cake where the appearance of the icing was a lot better than the taste and freshness of the cake. But anyone who enjoys good writing will find this book rewarding. We can all learn from a stylist like Anne Enright.
Very informative This is a fascinating read. Knew about most of these but all. Interesting to see why he chose these specific events.
Great book taken from actual journal I bought this for my husband and he loved reading the travels of Lewis and Clark from the actual journal. He strongly encouraged me to read it and I will - eventually. If you like reading true accounts of people's journeys, this is the book for you. I purchased our copy for our Kindles.
Five Stars loved it
Great Series! Can't put it down! An absolute favorite! I have the whole series. I cannot wait for book ten! Great Series! Can't put it down! An absolute favorite! I have the whole series. I cannot wait for book ten!Great Series! Can't put it down! An absolute favorite! I have the whole series. I cannot wait for book ten! Great Series! Can't put it down! An absolute favorite! I have the whole series. I cannot wait for book ten!
Knowledge is powerful Learning history is learning the good the bad and the ugly. I encourage to read this book and see how flawed their thinking was.
I'm glad this book was recommended to me by my doctor This book was very helpful in my journey to learning about PCOS and gluten free. Since utilizing the techniques, I've lost almost 30 pounds and am keeping the weight off. I'm glad this book was recommended to me by my doctor.
good read 13 year old son enjoyed every book from these series, refreshingly absent of witchcraft and vampires, full of epic battle excitementgood read 13 year old son enjoyed every book from these series, refreshingly absent of witchcraft and vampires, full of epic battle excitement
Like Newton's physics, the whole is no longer considered valid, but it contains brilliant insights. Like Newton's physics, the whole is no longer considered valid, but it contains brilliant insights.
Two Sighted i thoroughly enjoyed reading the book called Two Sighted. It was a very easy read and a lot of fun.
Career and romance With a little social commentary. Humor as always, which is why I love Crusie. I'll read all she can write. Good thing she's prolific and has endlessly varied stories.
Another great book from Allison Brennan This installment in the "Evil" trilogy (Speak No Evil, See No Evil, Fear No Evil) centers around Julia Chandler an assistant district attorney and Conner Kincaid, brother to Carina Kincaid and former police officer. Julia and Chandler have a history and it's not a happy one since it centers on the time when he resigned from the police force. But Julia's niece, Emily, is in trouble and Conner has helped out before as a private eye to help find Emily and Julia needs him now since Emily's stepfather has been murdered and Emily looks like the prime suspect. Julia, Conner and Conner's brother Dillon work together to sort out some strange happenings in their area and track down the killers to help prove Emily's innocence. On the way to that end, Julia and Conner have to work through their feelings from the past and the feelings that they are currently feeling. Loaded with suspense with a side of romance, plus characters you really like, See No Evil is a great read from start to finish. EAch time I set this book down, I couldn't wait until I could pick it up next and see what Julia and Conner would do. The mystery is intricately woven and very enjoyable to try and figure out. The crimes and the subject matter are dark and handled very realistically but you don't feel bogged down by the whole plot. These characters will stay with you for awhile as well as the circumstances in which the crimes were committed. Ms. Brennan has another winner on her hands and I'm only sorry I didn't read this earlier!
Shreve's latest is another winner! Anita Shreve, one of my favorite novelists, again scores with her latest: ALL HE EVER WANTED . . . one thing I really like about her is that ever book seems different . . . she just doesn't follow the formulaic approach used by many writers to come up with essentially the same story. This particular tale of unrequited love is set in New Hampshire in the early 1900s . . . it involves a college professor who meets, by accident, a woman and then sets out to marry her . . . he does reach his goal, but does he really? . . . that is the question that I'm still thinking about, long after I finished the last page. Shreve really gives you a feel for what living in New England in a small college town must have been like . . . she also has the male perspective down pat (it is written from the professor's standpoint) . . . and I especially liked a section wherein the plot was moved along by a series of letters between two of the characters. For example, here's part of one such correspondence: Your husband has sent round a note just now asking me to your house for a drink at half past five o'clock tonight. I feel I cannot decline, but wish I could speak with you on the matter before I go. I look forward to seeing you should you be there this evening. In the matter to which we have been referring in our previous correspondence, let me just say that the sight of your face on that morning so many years ago has remained for me a standard by which I judge my own affection for any woman with whom I am close, and the affection of any woman for me. I count you among the most fortunate of persons to have felt so strongly for another human being, however unhappy the outcome. Is this not the point of our existence? Yet the writing throughout is equally compelling, as evidenced by these two other parts: Though Etna asserts that her love was genuine, it is Asher who speaks of passion. "The ferocity of love that lies behind the veil of polite comportment," he writes. And this: "The sight of your face on that morning so many years ago has remained for me a standard by which I judge my own affection of any woman with whom I am close, and the affection of any woman for me. I count you among the most fortunate of persons to have felt so strongly for another human being, however unhappy the outcome. Is this not the point of our existence?" I pondered also the nature of fate and circumstance. Had it not been for the fire, I doubt I should ever have met Etna Bliss. Did I now wish that those few drops of oil in the hotel kitchen had not fallen onto the cooking fire? Might I have eaten my poached sole in solitude and never noticed the young woman in the topaz silk sitting behind me and thus escaped both the joy and anguish of the next fifteen years, only to have met, two months later, say, the daughter of a rare-book dealer from Thrupp whom I then married? Might I never have encountered Etna Bliss at all, but rather have seen a woman emerging from a trolley three days later to whom I gave pursuit and was ultimately betrothed? Or have been introduced at a faculty party at the college to the wife of a colleague (no, never; the sentence does not bear completion, for I should never have stooped so low) . . . or chance upon, in twenty years' time, after having remained of decades a bachelor, a widow to whom my academic credentials, not to mention my modest fortune, might have been attractive? Or, then again, might I actually have met a worse fate that was dealt to me? Might I have wed the daughter of a physician who bore me a child who then died as a result of my wife's carelessness? There are stories more terrible than mine. I do understand this. But the influence of circumstance upon a man's destiny is considerable, is it not?
So glad I read this! My coworker suggested this book to me. We work for psychiatric facilities and she had recently read it. I was completely engulfed in it and couldn't put it down. I was fascinated by her experiences and was amazed at the stories she told. It really opened my eyes to schizophrenia and I have suggested this book to many doctors, nurses, and other coworkers at the psych hospital that I work for.
Sisterhood continues in their quest for justice Although I am reading this series in order, its not necessary. Strong women characters & good story.....with a goal of justice. The Sisterhood continues their adventures.
This is for the 1st edition but... i'm sure this book is even BETTER! The book I read, several yrs ago now, showed how to balance a meal with protein and carbs, and fat too. It was very specific & really helped with my cravings. Don't eat a carb without protein or if u must, a healthy fat. Hopefully, u'll eat both protein and fat with ur carb tho. I had read several books about dieting for carb cravings/insulin resistance and this book by Dr. Hart was THE best. I have a medical condition, PCOS, that has recently been studied more in the medical community and there are more books written about that -- with their diets also. This is still a good book especially for men or women who are just pre-diabetic, not PCOS-sufferers. I have rec'd this book to at least 20 ppl in the past 10 yrs.
Loved the Hawke series Have read all of the Hawke series and just wish there were more of them... Hopefully Mr. Vaughan will write more of them...Great Story Haven't read Robert Vaughan before so this is a first.... Excellent story, have another three "Hawke's) to read.. If they are as good as this one I will be very pleased... Sure to read more of his books after reading the Hawke series...
An interesting and thought provoking book about the near-death and other mystical experiences of the author. I have read numerous books over the years on near-death experiences. In all the cases the experience usually changed the person in many mysterious and joyful ways. I found this 149 page hardcover book (My descent into death: A second chance at life by Howard Storm with the forward by Anne Rice) in our local library at the free book section. I was impressed reading this book because of the authors sincere and heartwarming story on his near-death experiences which happened while visiting Paris, France. His serious stomach pain caused him to slip out of his early body and unlike most near-death experiences, this one began with demons giving him the most horrid experience he ever felt. What made this an interesting story was the author was saved from these demons with his recognition and love from God and his angels. Strangely for me, before I became a Reiki master I would have dismissed this book and the authors experiences as delusional and mystical; however, I have become more open minded to some of the spiritual experiences of people. The material in this book covers the following short chapters: Paris, the descent, alone, the light, life review, the past and the future, what happens when we die, why we are the way we are, reality, the argument, waking up, Lisa and Clarence, sent back, next to heaven, limbo, telling the story, a second chance at life, angels, pilgrim and afterword. If you are seeking sincere experiences involving near-death and visions of God and angels you may want to check out this interesting book, which you can get for a bargain price on amazon. Rating: 4 Stars. Joseph J. Truncale (Chair/Seated Tai Chi, Qigong, and Yoga for seniors and the physically challenged).An interesting and informative book on some of the research being done on universal energy systems etc. As I have grown older into my senior years I have developed more of an open mind to reading about unusual and even strange topics. As a scientific minded person for most of my life I disregarded mystical and pseudoscience subjects; however, I did find this 268 page hardcover book (The Field: The quest for the secret force of the universe by Lynne McTaggart) very interesting and well researched. I purchased this volume at a bargain price on Amazon. This book covers the results of various experiments in Quantum Physics, both early research and contemporary research studies. This book is organized in three parts with 12 detailed chapters covering the following subjects: The prologue gives us a look at the coming revolution. Part one (The resonating universe) covers light in the darkness, the sea of light, beings of light, the language of the cell and the resonating with the world. Part two (The extended Mind) explains the creative observer, sharing dreams, the extended eye and the endless here and now. Part three (Tapping into the field) covers the healing field, telegram from Gaia and the zero point age. This book is thought provoking and explores the relationship between all of us and the universal energy fields. Some scientists believe that in the future science will look like magic. It seems some of the spooky things discovered through research in quantum physics are becoming more interesting every day. Rating: 4 Stars. Joseph J. Truncale (Author: Seated Zen Karate for seniors and the physically challenged).
Five Stars Great Read; thanks.
Just plain GOOD! Like all of his books. In all my years of reading westerns there is none better than Louis L'amour. This book like the rest is correct to the place and doesn't have to include foul language and sex.
Vendetta Fern gets high marks for another good story. She makes each revenge unique. I would recommend this story to all my friends who like a well written story.
good book. characters develop good book. characters develop.good book. characters develop good book. characters develop.
Good merchant to do business with... Product arrived and good condition and the merchant was kind to send the product in a timely fashion to me...
Great Continuation The series just keeps getting better. The large battle was great. Can't wait to read the next book. Recommend for all to read the series.Another great sequel Highly recommend for anyone that has read the previous entries. Great book and good ending. Story just keeps getting better.
a must read I feel kind of bad that I am as old as I am and had not read this before. I thought for the first few pages I was reading a contemporary's introduction to the work itself but in fact it was Marx speaking through the ages as clear as a bell. Unfortunately, the book begins to waver on the wobbly foundation of history and people I know not nor care about. That being said, I would consider this book an absolute must read as no other philosopher in the last 150 years has influenced so many, right or wrong.
Five Stars What can I say you can't beat a good story and this is full of them
Five Stars Great readFive Stars Great readFive Stars Great readFive Stars Great readFive Stars Very good read
Fun Story I picked up this story, after playing with the Kalijor Role Playing System, it helped to put things into perspective, and was a fun story in its own right. It helped me to understand some of the RPG elements, and was a very quick read as well.
I had only read a few of Holmes works before so was glad to find all these for one low price I am enjoying reading on my Fire phone. Lots to read. I had only read a few of Holmes works before so was glad to find all these for one low price. Well worth the price.
Mallery Knows her shieks I am a big fan of being able to read a bunch of an authors series stories at one time so this made my day.Mallery Rocks Another great set of stories. I almost fall for these guys myself. She makes them unbelievably perfect. Always a smile for how silly princes can be about falling in love.
Five Stars Love the seriesFive Stars Great book. Love all the Rosato and Asspciate series
Five Stars Still reading
wow such good book that is very wow and no scoping those scrubs without even using the pure wow powers the book contains because it very good and has much plotwow very wowing and such wowability that is seems such good that i was wowed with its very book like moments and its no scoping sum scrubs with pure wowness
super read I don't know how Ms. Johanson manages to keep these enticing stories going strong, but I am so great full she does. This story was mesmerizing!
Outstanding Very good story I love Vatta and watching her go through all the trials and tribulations and how well she handed them
The Jury I read this in a day, I'm hooked, sad that Julia died, but glad the ladies got even and Jack took care of the guys who attacked him and his friend. Good book.
Worthy of the Prize A common theme of novels on the immigrant experience is the success or failure of achieving in America or blending in with the culture. In this novel the American experience is incidental, the focus is on the ghosts of the former life. The writing is raw and replete with Spanish phrases/words that you can use a dictionary to decode or glean the meaning from the text. I had trouble determining the voice, and an Amazon review set me straight as to who is narrating the chapters. The narrators believe that a curse, the "fuku" shapes the family's destiny. Flipping back and forth in time, the story provides a more rational foundation for the family's troubles. The insecurity of childhood and peer rejection play a big role in emotions and hence the fates of both Oscar and his mother. Both love deeply and risk a lot through their loyality. Both expect that their love should be reciprocated which leads to parallel trauma for the mother and son. Perhaps if they had had knowledge of their grandfather and father respectively, they would be more realistic. Besides illustrating a contemporary immigrant experience, the book provides a history lesson on the Dominican Republic. One learns how the Trijillo dictatorship affected the lives of the people and bred the societal instability that followed it. Throughout, the book seems real. The writing is spare, but clearly conveys the characters, their worlds and their choices. I don't think that the word "wonderous" in the title or the childlike red silouhette (albeit blood splattered) on the cover accurately convey the reality inside the cover.
Fun and a bit silly I liked this first book because it gave a unique explanation for the existence of vampires without taking itself too seriously. In the end the story was a human one. How we are affected by the relationship our parents have and how they affect our development as young adults. Great story.
Another great Brennan title Allison Brennan does it again with Sudden Death. It was nice to revisit the Kincaid family and finally get Jack's story. Megan was a great match for him; in work and in a relationship. Can't wait for the next one.
Allison at her best. Finally got to read Jack Kincaid's story. Jack proved to be actually soft-hearted. Some other reviewers felt there was too much torture. This is one of the things Allison does the best. Most of her books lean toward this line but they all fit. Jack and Megan's story was good.
Ambitious, insightful, and far-reaching The information and conclusions reached by author Jared Diamond in "Guns, Germs and Steel" (GGS) are ambitious, insightful, and far-reaching. GGS examines the last 13,000 years of world-wide human history in detail. It asks and postulates on major questions of success and failure of various cultures and groups - the evolution from hunter-gatherer to modern societies. Its clear to me why the GGS won the Pulitzer Prize and is cited by so many people. Diamond's book is a sweeping tome of human development through the eyes of an eminent scientist. He marshals his own qualifications as a geographer, physiologist, and behavioral ecologist; along with anthropology, linguistics, epidemiology, and archeology to produce a superb scientific work. The book itself is long but very readable. I found the logic reasonably easy to follow. Admittedly, at times he begins to sound like a lecturer, but aside from occasionally repeating himself, its an excellent read. 4.75 stars in my opinion and I recommend the book. (less)
I speak geek "The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao" is a book written in several languages. Most of the book is written in plain English. Some of it in Spanish. Some of it in Footnotes. And some in an obscure dialect spoken only by a people who huddle together in dank rooms called "comic book shops" and on obscure internet chat boards. While I only know a few words of Spanish and couldn't follow along, I speak fluent geek and could understand every word of Oscar Wao's inane babble. I was impressed with how accurate Junot Diaz's geekology was. Every reference, every quote, is exactly right. When Oscar talks about wanting to be the next Gary Gygax, or how he broke down when Rick Hunter and Lisa finally got together, or when he refers to readers as True Believers or compares a girl's breasts to Luba from "Love and Rockets," I know exactly what he means. When I was reading this book I thought how odd and incomprehensible it must appear to those who don't parley Kirby-talk and who see Oscar's philosophizing as nothing more than decoration. I could imagine people diving for Wikipedia trying to learn what Cosmo DNA is. That accuracy lead me to trust Diaz as a writer. I know nothing of the Dominican Republic or the ancient curse of fuku, but I assume Diaz has his facts straight and is giving us an honest portrayal. But just a list of facts doesn't make for a great story. Diaz's "The Brief and Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao" is good, but a little too full of its own writing trickery to make me truly fall in love with it. The multiple narrators, randomized timeline, and quick chapter cuts all make the book interesting but keep me from completely diving into its world. As a comparison, I am reading PD James&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Children-of-Men/dp/0307275434/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Children of Men</a>. I realize they are very different books with very different intentions, but her simple, plain-spoken and unpretentious English draws me into the story in a way that Diaz's authorial stylings never really could.
Should be Read before Think and Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill Short and to the point. This book is very repetitive but drives home the point about correct thinking that produces results. I think it should be read before Think and Grow Rich. It would help you understand that book better. This is the foundation of the philosophy of that book.
Four Stars Thanks
Always the best from Mr. London... An incredible American author. His tales of adventure are among the best. Don't miss, 'The Jacket'... And, 'Martin Eden'...the ending was something only Mr. London could have dreamed up...great read...
Good book!! I loved the adventure in the Devlin Group series by Shannon Stacey. A little excitement, a little sex and a happy ending!! What more could you ask for?
sad but very good book very good thought provoking book. I had a hard time reading due to the content, made me very emotional. Must read for any black history people.
Excellent. Makes You Think! Mark Levin is a dynamic talk show host that never bores the listener. In this book he has gather a tremendous amount of legalese and historical cases and has brought it all together sucessfully in a treatise that goes a long way to proving the points he wants to make. That is the the Supreme Court has overstepped its boundaries of interpreting the law of the law to making decisions that in effect create the law of the land. For the purposes of this review, I will not add any personal feelings on the matter but let Levin's book make its own points. Law is usually a boring subject for most of us and this book is written in a way that is never boring. You'll have yourself Googling a lot of what is presented here to validate the facts and you will be hard pressed to come up with any dispute.
Good Escape fiction. One of the better applications of 15th, 16th, 17th and 18th century economic arrangements for Space. The idea of making enough money to support yourself by licensed Piracy is an interesting reflection on the Mores and Morality of War. Nicely done.
Five Stars Good version.Item arrived in good condition. Interesting read...Item arrived in good condition.
I love all Ms Jackson's books about the wonderful Madaris Family ... I love all Ms Jackson's books about the wonderful Madaris Family and have them all in my Brenda Jackson collections. I also love her other books and have collected all books in 'Westmoreland' series as well. Outstanding writer and I am deeply glad I came across her first book under "Westmoreland' series one day when I visited local Wal-mart. Delaney's Desert Sheik!!!!!!!
Absolutely Awesome! I have read everything I can find by Brenda Jackson. I love her books! I may get around to writing a review on each of her books I've read, but for now, I just want to say "Brenda Jackson rocks!". Tonight and Forever was the first book I read by her and I was hooked. I couldn't wait to read about the rest of the Madaris family. Once I finished with them, I went on to the Westmoreland's, the Steele's, the Bennett's, the Grangers, etc. Her books are absolutely awesome!
Incredible DEAL and AWESOME Series! This series was the first one that sucked me into vampires and the reading world in general. I picked up Wings in the Night and just could NOT put it down. So many amazing characters and I just love it so much. Maggie Shayne never ceases to amaze or thrill me with her incredible books. Get it!! You won't be disappointed! :)
One of the Best Novels I've Ever Read An absolutely amazing novel about a rich, Southern woman, who--after the loss of three children--becomes more a mother of the South when her home Carnton, which is on the edge of one of the bloodiest battles of the Civil War (The Battle of Franklin), is turned into a hospital. Carrie McGavock finds the strength to care for the wounded men, and later to transplant all the dead men into her own cemetery, where she mourns for them during the tremulous reconstruction years. Carrie McGavock builds a relationship with Zachariah Cashwell, one of the soldiers who has lost his leg. Both of the characters are extraordinary in the fact that they both have such a strong and odd (in that the quality of their lives is questionable) desire to survive and to live. The story, which is more than just about the South or the Civil War (in fact, sometimes I forgot that I was reading a Civil War novel), is about survival during the most horrible moments of life. It isn't so much about the war and why it was fought, but about the people who were forced to fight it, and lost. The most amazing part of this novel is the brilliant style, which is absolutely modernist and psychologically driven (perfect for the end of the Civil War as style and system broke down), capturing the characters and making them real, poetic, beautiful, and fascinating. Carrie and Zachariah are a beautiful romance, but more beautiful people, because they are so odd, yet so driven, broken, yet surviving. One of the best novels I've ever read. Grade: A+this year's stunning Modernist Romance Fantastically well-written (from multiple perspectives and with a poetical mixture of footnotes and slang) story of a big nerdy guy looking desperately for love. A mythic story spanning generations of Oscar's Dominican family, including his run-away sister and his orphaned beauty mother. With its subject matter, character, and style, it is very similar to other recent great contemporary/modernist/Romantic novels The Shipping News and Everything is Illuminated. Powerful and thoroughly engaging story with fascinating and charming characters and a truly wondrous style. Grade: A
Five Stars Loved the way all people took care of each other
Four Stars Good read... nicely tying characters in stories. Fun!
The seller did a good job with the book description of wear and markings The seller did a good job with the book description of wear and markings. The book arrived without any delay. Excellent sellor.
I liked this story. I liked this story.
LOVED ALL 4! I love how old fashioned this family is - they see someone in need and they reach right out to help without thinking about it. It makes me miss the old days. Each of the brothers are very sexy in their own way and I enjoyed reading about each one fall - and fall hard - for the love bug!
Typical L'Amour LAmour is one of the best western writers I have read. However, the promotional materials will lead you to think that this is a full length novel. It is NOT. It is only a collection of his short stories. A real disappointment.
Excellent. Well- rounded believable characters, well -developed plot with twists and turns. I immediately bought another Decker/Lazarus novel. I just wish they were numbered so I could read them in order.
love your book I love these books. You have put me back on track reading. Great stories about people. I have friends that are like them. Makes reading more fun. Thanks. Now on to the next book
The original self help book,, written over 100 ... The original self help book,, written over 100 years ago and copied by every self help book writer since, with a lot of added fluff to make the whole idea seem more complicated that it is.. Tells just what you need to know, but in a simpler way of writing from 100 years ago. I have had all of his books for many years but this is the first one in his series..
Allison Brennan/See No Evil (No Evil Trilogy #2) Allison writes suspense and shows another of the evil in our society can be anyone from poor to the rich.. This is another novel that involves the San Diego Police Det. Will Hooper, Carina Kincaids partner. You need to read the series they are great!Allison Brennan/The KIll (Predator Trilogy #1) This Book when Olivia is 51/2 yrs old and her sister Missy is abucted!.. She gets into the FBI and was promoted to the director of Trace Evidence and Materials Analysis (Virginia-based lab.) She is obessesed with finding her sisters killer and finds trace evidence with another victim. It proceeds from there. Great FBI story that really hits home for real. this will have you turning pages!!
Enjoyable story I enjoyed this book. Very well written and held my interest. The characters were likeable. I would definitely want to read other books by this author, and would like to see other story lines with these characters.
Good Start I liked the story line but was disappointed there wasn't more action. Not giving up though. On to Book 2!
The Renegade's Woman From the first page I was captured by Nikita Black's story. Ms Black showed her knowledge of Western Indian culture and just kept me hanging on as I read the book. There were so many obstacles separating the Indian and his "His woman" that it kept me wondering how this story could possible work out. She found the way to pull it altogether. I read this book twice.
Not the actual newspaper but not bad at all I've been trying a few of the Kindle newspapers and this was one of the first I grabbed as I am more interested in State politics and the Texas Longhorns. I found this to be a decent read knowing up front from all the reviews that none of the Kindle newspapers seem to be just like getting the actual paper in print. I guess with that in mind I was pleasantly surprised with what I got. I do get what I am looking for. There seems to be a decent amount of State politics and usually some articles on the Longhorns. I've got a couple more Texas newspapers to review yet but unless I get an unexpected surprise, this will be the one I end up subscribing to. If you are a Longhorn nut like myself, I'd like to suggest the "Burnt Orange Nation" blog for your Kindle. It has numerous daily blogs which many are lengthy - sent daily (sometimes several times a day) to your Kindle and keeps you right on top of the Longhorn happenings.
Where have I Been? An excellent review of court decisions for those of us who may have been trying to persue our own lives without feeling a need to monitor the legal trends that closely. A real eyeopener and good read.
Enjoy all the Kellerman mysteries Kellerman has done it again. Her laid-back and simple approach to mystery has captured me again. Here is a loving family dealing with the seamy side of life while weaving in Jewish culture at the same time. Enjoy all the Kellerman mysteries. Go Peter Decker and Rina!
For Joyce Meyer Fans Divided into two sections: Learning to Listen and Learning to Obey, with discussions questions at the end of each of the fourteen chapters, makes this book a good source for an individual devotional or for a group Bible study. The author uses tons of scripture and real life situations to make her points. This is a good one for any fan of Joyce Meyer.
Think Big: Make it Happen in Business Interesting read. This book is written by both Donald Trump and by Bill Zanker (founder of The Leaning Annex). Each chapter has Donald's take, then a view from Zanker on the same topic. Each is followed with a short summary of the chapter. The book was originally written in 2009 and definitely shows that Trump hasn't changed his position on topics over the past 7 years, and his personality seems the same and appears to have been written in his voice. It does give a better insight into his way of thinking in business and explains several rumors heard about him over the years. He doesn't hesitate to use names which allows the reader to get a very vivid picture of what he's talking about. Definitely worth the $2 spent. Trump appears to be a ruthless businessman, but he's also full of words of encouragement. Glad I took the time to read it. One star deducted because it needs another round of edits.
A Refreshing Change As the book description describes, this is a collection of 6 novels that are part of a vampire series. The first five books revolve around a group of vampires and their Chosen as well as a despicable branch of the CIA known as DPI. We follow them through the trials and tribulations of love while being hunted by the DPI. The final book that is part of this collection revolves around another vampire and his Chosen. Each of these stories were well-written and I found myself fully pulled into each story. With the first story, I became involved with the characters and really grew to love them as the stories continued. In the first five, each story built on the last one and I got to know each previous character more than before as well as be introduced to know characters. This box set is a highly-enjoyable read and I look forward to the reading the second set as soon as I can afford it. For those who love vampire stories, this collection is a refreshing change from the plethora of vampire novels on the market.
Good Nothing really to say except it was good, and the temujai seemed to be fashioned after the Mongols and Genghis Khan.Interesting With Will drugged and "Evanlyn" needing to act the story provides a good need to progress making it impossible to put down.
A Guide to Keeping Your Freedom This book is a Classic and a must-read for those who value their freedom. Karl Marx set the tone and standard for both Communism and Socialism(it's little brother).
Yummy Wolves Why I liked this book: This is definitely a page-turner and a true sequel in that you have to have read Without Reservations to understand how Remi is a new wolf and the type of man he was to his friends. Learning about Remi's past, his present and being uncertain about his future is as scary for the reader as it is for the characters. Langley weaves such an intriguing tale with this sequel that you are engrossed in the story from the get-go. You WANT to understand Remi's trepidation with his feelings for Jake and see how he overcomes his fears to protect himself and his little brother. The dialogue is so wonderful, you feel like you're sitting in the room, bar, bedroom with the characters and seeing everything they are. The story is entrancing. The characters are believable and personable. You know people like Jake and Remi and Chay and Keaton and even Sterling. It's a super-fast, andrenaline-kicking, blood-pumping rollercoaster ride of emotions and... a sequel is in the works!
Love Love Love Fantastic book. I read it once and will read it again periodically. A must read for anyone looking to grow closer to God through the Holy Spirit.
Fascinating it sucks you into the Carny world. When I was a teenager I was given the opportunity to work a carny for a summer. There I met the seal man, the hairy lady, the alligator man, Popeye, the snake women and others. I assisted in small ways and got to know the performers whose features and disabilities would have them sent them to institutions rather then allowing them to make a living, performing. Backstage is never glamourous but can be a rich experience. It took me back there a little. Although written about the turn of the century when carneys were much tougher and life was difficult (think Gangs of New York) it is not aimed at the seedy side, rather the living adventure of a time without government control. A time of invention and discovery. A time of hope and especially the building of Coney Island Amusement Parka joy brilliant research and explanations of the world of how we got stuff. All stuff.
What if? This tragic love story will leave you with a series of what if questions about love. When is love too much, and what if love is not exactly reciprocal?Watch What Happens The twists and turns continue as the sisters from the Revenge of the Sisterhood series retaliate. Don't ever cross these women!Age Doesn't Matter Women in their 40's can be sexy and sassy, as you'll find out in this fun and entertaining story drawn from the author's own marriage.
Family is Family Through Thick and Thin A Family Sin by Travis Hunter is a book that explores the obligations that family members have for each other. Karim is a Financial Analyst with a live-in girlfriend and a son. He is doing everything he can to live a better life, but is constantly consumed with his family. His older brother, Omar, is in prison for life on a murder rap. His sister, Nadiah, is a beautiful girl who is always in love with the wrong man. She has one daughter she does not have custody of and a son, JaQuan on his way to trouble because he has anger issues about how he has been treated by the people in his life. Momma Mae is the grandmother who has taken care of her grandbabies, but has her own issues as the gun-toting, bootlegger in the hood. I loved reading this book that is an old play on the biblical theme of 'the sins of the fathers always show up through the generations.' Mr. Hunter does a wonderful job of exploring family relationships, commitments and how so often parents are bound up in their own woes and are unable to help their children. Even with all the family sins and struggles it was beautiful to read how this family was always there for each other. A Family Sin is recommended for all readers who enjoy a fast-paced, contemporary novel with a heartfelt message about how important family is. Great job Mr. Hunter. Angelia Menchan APOOO BookClub
Lucern's little sister finally gets her turn! Lynsay is back with another long-awaited Argeneau tale, and new sexy updated cover instead of the cartoon ones. New Publisher, the vamps are no longer with Dorchester. They're now put out by Avon (though Dorchester will continue to do her Historicals). Originally, this was the very first Argeneau tale in the series, not Single White Vampire (Lucern's tale). So it's great to finally get Lucern's little sister's story. As followers of the series know, the Argeneau vamps are the modern day, intelligent sort, who know feasting in the wild can get "blood" with all sorts of problems. In order to skip all this rather mundane ugliness, they've invested in blood banks that see them supplied with a full range of "flavors" and blood that is safe! Only, Lissianna really has trouble with this popping her fangs into a blood bag and having a quick munchie. So Mama Argeneau sets out to give Lissianna the perfect present - one sexy male tied up and waiting. Well, Lissianna wants Mr. Right, not just Mr. Available. She's tired of her vamp immortal life, and would like someone to share it with. Lissianna has other problems, such as her fainting at the sight of blood, an annoying trait for a vampire. For a Birthday gift, Mama has gone out and fetched Dr. Gregory Hewitt, used mind control to get him to tuck himself up in the trunk of her car, and now has him tied up nekkid on Lissianna's bed. Wouldst that all mums were so obliging on birthdays! Greg was planning a much-needed vacation. The last he recalls is leaving the office and planning on getting away. Instead, he wakes up in a stranger's bedroom. Well, he's male - this cannot be all bad. Okay, she's a vampire romance may be a bit difficult to work out, but to quote Joey Brown in Some Like it Home, "nobody's perfect." A great tale which you can sink your fangs into! Expect Vincent Argeneau sometime after the first of the year. Keep 'em coming, Lynsay! For thos paying attention - the series has NEVER been "in order" Single White Vampire was Lucern's tale where wrote about his siblings' lovelifes - their real lovelife and romance editors thought they were vampire romances. So the takes of his brothers and sisters come AFTER his tale meaning they had already happened before Lucern happened. Since there are four more currently planned over the next two years waiting to read them in order is plain silly. They are to be read and enjoyed. Cannot do better than that. A writer has little control of these things. Originally this was to the the first in the series. The publisher decided otherwise. Stop getting bent out of shape over it and just have fun.
news I got more news than from my local paper. Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word Word
Incredible This book is one I could not put down. I kept wanting to learn more about the characters and how they fit together. I kept hoping Lily had found a family.
So Real and Clearly Written that you should read This is actually a quite well written book. It explains what's so different yet true from our traditional culture. As a reader, read it as an enjoyment of literary work and social article, and you will find it so true and accurate that you can't resist. Take a look at the insight of the book, and you will find that Karl Marx is not an enrager at all. He is idealist and knowledgeable rather than radical and enraging. Honestly, Marx had done nothing to democracy at all - he is just a poor and idealist writer with sympathy to the working class, and I believe that he was damaged by his government rather than trying to doom Europe and the world (very true). Very true theory. Very truthful book. Read it, and think.Great Work! Read it, and understand yourself Despite the fact that this book seems a little too challenging to our social system and too radical according to our culture, it is really so greatly written. It sounds so true even today that I can't help rating it five stars. We are living in a democratic nation; however, sesorship seems to shut me from talking too much about communism. However, things in the real world is not always divided into good and bad so clearly. Yes, it is so true that most communist, or so called, socialist, countries today or sevral ten years ago are totalitariate, but I feel that this is not really the fault of communist or giving the right to rule to the working class. It is more likely that almost everyone has some sort of selfishness in their heart even if they don't notice this. Communism is based on sharing and equality of everyone, thus no one would really enforce it; and at the same time, no one can enforce anything inside a real communist country at all because a real communist country actually has no social phase at all - it is ruled by all the people, and therefore, no one actually rule over anyone else. Also, most communist rulers use their system to gain power and advatages rather than regarding communism as something. As well, everything has its opposite. Our opposite and enemy somehow is just a competitor. This competitor is just competiting with us, so we have no way to say it good or bad - naturally. Of course, we are going to rate it to the worst basis because they (the rulers) rate us on teh same basis. Any way, this book is worth-reading.Great Work! Despite the fact that this book seems a little too challenging to our social system and too radical according to our culture, it is really so greatly written. It sounds so true even today that I can't help rating it five stars. We are living in a democratic nation; however, sesorship seems to shut me from talking too much about communism. However, things in the real world is not always divided into good and bad so clearly. Yes, it is so true that most communist, or so called, socialist, countries today or sevral ten years ago are totalitariate, but I feel that this is not really the fault of communist or giving the right to rule to the working class. It is more likely that almost everyone has some sort of selfishness in their heart even if they don't notice this. Communism is based on sharing and equality of everyone, thus no one would really enforce it; and at the same time, no one can enforce anything inside a real communist country at all because a real communist country actually has no social phase at all - it is ruled by all the people, and therefore, no one actually rule over anyone else. Also, most communist rulers use their system to gain power and advatages rather than regarding communism as something. As well, everything has its opposite. Our opposite and enemy somehow is just a competitor. This competitor is just competiting with us, so we have no way to say it good or bad - naturally. Of course, we are going to rate it to the worst basis because they (the rulers) rate us on teh same basis. Any way, this book is worth-reading.
Read this First!! I read the books out of order by accident starting with Clayton, then Dex (my fav) then Justin. I loved this book because it was sad, funny, sweet & sexy all rolled up in one. The author makes you fall in love with these characters. I love the Madaris brothers. To me it was steamier version of Debbie Macomber' Manning series (which I love). I'm so glad I happened upon this author by chance. I've read all three brothers, Trevor, now I'm off to read Uncle Jake' story. Love those brothers.
This is such a wonderful product that exceeded my expectations This is such a wonderful product that exceeded my expectations,and it arrived in a timely manner. Great job and keep up the good work.
Wonderful series I have read through the lower ratings and cannot believe that I read the same books. I loved this series! Lynsay Sands is able to bring adult romance and humor together to make this a keeper in my library! I think the entire series has excellent storylines and plots, and it was able to hold my interest, while at the same time make me laugh. I have read the series multiple times, waiting for 3-4 new installments to reread it from the first book to the latest, and I have never become bored.
Behind the Scenes View of Roman History Our human nature drives us to want to know the "real story" behind great historical personalities. Much like "People" or "Us" magazine, Suetonious gives his readers back curtain access to the lives of the rich and famous. No salacious story nor tantalizing scandal is ignored. While many of his portaits are interesting, most of the biographical sketches are ultimately mere fluff. Enjoyable but disjointed if you do not know your Roman history. Finally, the great British actor Derek Jacobi's audio performance really lifts what is really a three star book.
Four Stars Lynsay's books are all very enjoyable!
Loved It The way he protected her and reassured her was amazing. Very strong characters in this book. I always love a happy endings.
Hilarious fun reading!! This collection of Jennifer Crusie books is so much fun to read. I enjoy re-reading them any time I feel stressed or down, because they pick me up and make me laugh out loud. Really, they are that funny and enjoyable!!
Five Stars Excellent transaction. Item as described and fast shipping. Thank You.Five Stars Excellent transaction. Item as described and fast shipping. Thank You.
Kidd's writing has a way of crossing the psychological barrier The ending was a slight disappointment to me, but the rest of the book made me wish amazon had an 11 star scale, because Sue Monk Kidd knows poignant writing. Her words seriously challenge the adage that we are all destined to be alone, trapped inside our individual, unbreachable, human shells. Kidd's writing has a way of crossing the psychological barrier.
Terrific I have read many Decker/Lazarus books and knew they met during a rape investigation .. And here it was! It was great to see where it all began! The characters seem like old friends and the plot kept me guessing, as always. Faye Kellerman is an outstanding author. I would recommend any of the many books of hers that I have read. When I see she is the author, I know I will enjoy the book.
More Greatness from the Great One What's the most pressing problem facing our nation? Well, there are a ton to choose from. You could say external forces looking to exterminate us. That would certainly be valid, but I'm always been more of an implosion versus explosion guy in terms threats. Frankly, I think our own seditionists are the biggest threat to our liberty. They'll bring down this country far earlier than any terrorists ever will. Over the last forty years the radicals have marched through our organizations, universities, and government and allowed what was once the counter-culture to become the culture. Nowhere is this more true than in our judiciary wherein the laws crafted by our representatives in the legislature have been struck down by judges who think it is their role to teach us what we should really want. In the words of former Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall: You do what you think is right and let the law catch up. Only, it's not the judiciary's role to make laws and that's why Mark Levin penned his masterpiece Men in Black: How the Supreme Court is Destroying America. The book came out in 2005 so, as always, I got to its pages a little late. Unfortunately, nothing is going to change in the immediate future so it remains pertinent. Some of you may know Mark Levin's name, but, honestly, before this year I never listened to his talk radio show. After a month I discovered he's the best host out of them all. He also excels at writing. Essentially, Men in Black mirrors his approach to verbal conservatism: it's insightful, concise, and ruthlessly on topic. There's not a wasted word here. What I found most attractive about its narrative is that he makes extensive use of primary source documents. He lets the justices, in their opinions, tell their own tale. The book is a compilation of history and cogent analysis. He discusses specifically several of the 100 justices who have been members of the Supreme Court, and their flaws were readily apparent. They were men, not gods. Levin offers readers an outstanding discussion of the most important court cases in our nation's history. Many of them I had read about before but have long since forgotten. His discussion of religion in Chapter 3 and the establishment clause was thoroughly enlightening. Specifically, we see how cases like Everson v. Board of Education created the fallacious doctrine of there being a "wall of separation" between church and state. Justice Rehnquist's opinion in Wallace v. Jeffree illustrates the method by which this notion was created. "Justices in the Bedroom" in Chapter Five was a standout as well, but most topical was Chapter Ten, "Silencing Political Debate." To what extent does McCain-Feingold erode our liberties? Right now it's hard to say. I agree with the author that advertising is speech, and the recent letter Obama sent to the Justice Department concerning the William Ayers ad put out by a 527 organization is an example of how the left will take advantage of any loophole as a means to silence their critics. Overall, we are not as free as we used to be and Mark Levin's Men in Black illustrates why this is the case.
Continuing again at full force! One note before I start this review... Have you noticed that the covers for the Ranger's Apprentice series has changed? I have been collecting the series in USA paperback editions with the covers not containing the metal-shield-banner (by Cliff Nielsen), with the artwork of John Blackford not enlarged. These new covers are now demanding more attention, when they are already getting enough from widespread fans around the world and I must say that I'm not very fond of them. Nevertheless, on with the review... Ranger's Apprentice: The Battle for Skandia (or also known as The Oakleaf Bearer's) is about the continuations of Halt/Horace hunting down and rescuing Will and Evalyn. It also continues the plot of the Skandians and the beloved (although not very hug-a-ble) Erik. But when they are all finally reunited, Halt reports that he shall a small group of Temujai (a dangerous race of mounted warriors, reminding us vividly of Genghis Khan's and his Mongolian army) invading the lands of Skandia. Halt convinces Erik that they need to think up a plan besides rushing at the enemy head-on, and Halt becomes the key figure to Skandias' only hope. But while the Skandians prepare to face a great enemy, other forces, within and without, are working against them. I' am very relieved that John Flanagan has provided us with a re-boost of electricity since the last installment of his, The Icebound Land, was a bit dull of action. This book could had easily ended the series on a happy note... oh, I wasn't suppose to tell you that. But, anyway, be prepared for a lot of hardcore action (although not graphical, since this series is for young adults/kiddies), a bit of fowl language and on-the-edge-of-your-seat-drama! This novel really ties-up some loose ends and leaves us feeling happily content. So if you haven't picked-up The Battle for Skandia, make sure you do so because this is one series you can't afford to miss!An awkward speed hump... I love the Ranger's Apprentice series. It stands right up there with other fantastic fantasy favorites like The Symphony of Ages and The Lost Journals of Ven Polypheme by Elizabeth Haydon, The Icewind Dale by R.A.Salvator, The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R.Tolkien and Dragonlance: Chronicles by Weis and Hickman. But with John Flanaghan's newiest installment in the Ranger's Apprentice series, The Icebound Land falls short of what we were expecting. Sure, this book does nicely as a sequel, but I felt Flanagan could had done a tad-bit more, such as Will being a drugged-slave. But overall, this book was a great read! We have Halt and Horace traveling into the country-side, right into danger. Stupid men who claim themselves as gallant knights by beating up helpless travelers with mest-up amour and poor weapons to earn a living challenge the two left-and-right, holding up there search again and again for the lost ranger, Will. All the while Will and Evalyn are fighting to stay alive against the Skandians and the cold of winter. I truly enjoyed this book. Halt's raw humor and Horace's jokes kept me laughing, while Will being drugged by Warm-Weed kept me feeling dread for the beloved character. If you enjoyed the first two books of John Flanagan's Ranger's Apprentice series, The Ruins of Gorland and The Burning Bridge, your guaranteed to like reading The Icebound Land. I'm already looking forward to reading The Battle for Skandia. Can't wait! Keep sending these Australian Treasures over John!
Sorry read and forgot storyline Anything Julie Garwood writes I have read. She is one of my favorites. It's been a time since I've read this. so no comment on story.
From military school failure to ship captain's challenges, Kylara Vatta doesn't give up. I'm always on the look out for well written, clean science fiction and Elizabeth Moon delivers in this book. As the young risk-taking main character faces one disaster after another, she manages to work her way through them, bringing her ship and crew through it all. When she has to decide whether to go with the flow or make her own way, Kylara Vatta always chooses forging her own path.
ANOTHER GREAT READ BY SHAYNE I thought I had read all oh Maggie Shayne's books, but I was wrong. These were all good and very entertaining. I recommend this very highly.
great read! Lori foster has captured my attention with her stories. she gives great detail and her stories have an excellent plot.
Maggie is good Maggie always writes great books! this book was very good and kept me up to finish reading it! You can't go wrong getting this book
In Love With RYDER! I loved this story. Sure, there were a few potholes here and there. Yeah, the end of it is not nearly as exciting as the beginning. But....who wouldn't fall in love with Ryder. He can be devilish, and charming even when he's crude. His character is so fascinating. He never wavers who or wht he is. Love the chemistry b/w Jess and he. Hated for it to end. Worth the read. It's probably one of my fav's now, only because Ryder's personality is sooo outstanding.
Great read!!! Great read!!!
I love the sisterhood series. I am currently reading all the books in the Sisterhood Series. I have enjoyed them all equally. They are fun and a bit quirky. Not totally true to life, but who cares! They are fun and hold my interest! You will want to keep reading the rest of the books once you start!
Great! One of the most interesting books I have read in some time. It was well worth the time I spent
the kind of book I think about for days, even months after reading Let me attempt, here, to put my finger on what makes this book special. The language is lyrical. That's a start. I don't need a hard-hitting plot if I get caught up in the language. The author also does something funny with memory. You may not like this, but it's difficult to tell what actually occurs in the protagonist's life because her childhood memories are skewed, and she invents memories where there are none, or where her memories are confused. I relate to the main character, Veronica, because she's a disconnected female, and although some people want a solid history to understand how a woman gets to be so withdrawn from the physical world around her, I don't need tragic childhood events to explain away personality flaws. In fact, it annoys me when authors attempt to explain their characters' foibles with past events and family histories. This author pulls away from that. The reader (or this reader) never knows exactly why Veronica is screwed up, even though the protagonist, herself, searches for substantive reasons. What part of me did this book pique? I don't know-some part that responds to faith and hope. The narrator calls faith biological. Is it really? Is it caught up in the coding of what makes a person who she is? And do some people lack it? Do we need nothing more than the right words at the right time, or the wrong words at the wrong time to fill this biological urge? Is this the reason why some people believe in nonsense, because the wrong words filled them at the wrong moment? And is this why other people eschew faith, because it isn't in their biology? Ultimately, this book left me feeling hopeful. I've read my share of literary books, and most of them are filled with hopelessness. The author could have ended this book in so many bad ways, and she chose not to. I can't give away the ending, obviously, but I wish I could because the image Enright employs is a perfect one for bringing a detached heroine back to herself.
Five Stars Good read for teens.For my sons My two sons 23 and 13 are sharing the series after one another reads a book. They love it a lot.
Very Good! I have never been very interested in details of the Civil War, that is until I read this book. Historical fiction based on the Battle of Franklin, brings the lives lost and historical detail to the forefront. Franklin, Tennessee, is calling me, to visit the battle ground and Carnton, and to experience, even on a minute scale, a piece of our American history. Parts of the book were slow but overall, really enjoyed this novel.
Hot New Start To A Great Series I was very pleasantly surprised by this book. The chemistry between the main characters was explosive and you manage to fall in love with Llew and Jess as well as his brothers and Jane (featured in the second book) as the story progresses. This book has a lot of spice and some surprising darkness towards the end. The writing is pretty good and the characters are portrayed well coming together for an overall steamy little read that turned me on to a new series. I would definitely check it out but be warned its definitely got a TON of sex, so if that's not your thing I would steer clear, if it is then what have you got to lose? The book is free!
From the Dominican Republic under Trujillo to Dungeons and Dragons in New Jersey and Back Again Wow! This Putlizer prize winning novel by Junot Diaz is tough to characterize. The story alternates narrators and jumps through time, telling the stories of an American teenagers Oscar de Le&oacute;n, his sister Lola, their mother Beli (who emigrated from the Dominican Republic), and their grandfather Abelard. Oscar is overweight, obsessed with science fiction and fantasy, and consequently has some trouble fitting in at school. Lola is rebellious against her not-so-affectionate mother. Although Oscar and Lola are American, the story keeps returning to the Dominican Republic, both in the present, as Oscar and Lola return to visit, and in the past, as we learn how the lives of Beli and Abelard were profoundly affected by the oppressive dictatorship of Trujillo. As one narrator puts it, "Trujillo was Mobutu before Mobutu was Mobutu." It took me a while to get into the book, but ultimately I couldn't put it down. Oscar keeps wanting to be better, but -- like so many of us -- he "seem[s] to be allergic to diligence." The language -- quick moving and sharp -- moves fluidly between English and Dominican (Spanish) slang, with more references to science fiction and fantasy literature peppered in than I could keep up with. Diaz twists familiar tropes in interesting ways, as in his characterization of "nerd heaven -- where every nerd gets 58 virgins to role play with." The allusions range from the explicit -- "I'm going to be the Dominican Tolkien" -- to the implicit but obvious -- ""Hiding your doe-eyed, large-breasted daughter from Trujillo, however, was...like keeping the ring from Sauron" (Lord of the Rings) -- to the deep dive -- "Sucks to be left out of adolescence, sort of like getting locked in the closet on Venus when the sun appears for the first time in a hundred years" (which is an allusion to Ray Bradbury's wonderful story, "All Summer in a Day"). When Diaz tells of a Dominican teenager who rides a motorcycle between movie theaters because they share the reels to a single film, I recalled a similar sequence in the Italian film Cinema Paradiso. One ambitious reader has compiled annotations on many of the allusions online. I lived in the Dominican Republic for two years, and I've read and loved a couple of novels about the Trujillo dictatorship -- Julia Alvarez's In the Time of the Butterflies and Mario Vargas Llosa's La Fiesta del Chivo (The Feast of the Goat). Diaz talks about both of those, as well as a number of historical accounts (like La era de Trujillo, by Gal&iacute;ndez), all seamlessly woven into the fictional narrative. Lev Grossman, author of the Magicians series that I've enjoyed deeply, wrote in Time magazine that the novel is a "massive, heaving, sparking tragicomedy." I tried the audiobook but it didn't engage me. I shifted to the printed version and enjoyed it much more. Note on content: The book is full of strong language, sexual references, and occasional beatings.
Wow, how did you get away with it? I can't believe Frank got away with all his crimes. Unbelievable! Well, believable when the story unfolds. Great and exciting read!
I loved this book and have told everyone to get it I loved this book and have told everyone to get it. I'm looking for more of by this other.
Great read Great read. This is a very heartwarming story and so like living in the south in 1964. After reading for a while you feel like you know the characters.
Action packed and full of harrowing moments. This story pulls you from scene to scene chapter to chapter. It is a fast entertaining read that for the genre and target audience is a perfect cap to the first arc of the series. While we do not see the fantastical creatures that was in book one the story still has a fantasy feel to it.A good addition to the series full of character moments. While there is some action in the book it is one of the slower Rangers apprentice books. The story is filled with constant obstacles for our characters to overcome with more than just blade or arrow. Having read through the series this book largely sets up the action-packed fourth book which is also the last book of this particular story arc of the Rangers apprentice. It is well worth the read if you love books one and two
A good read! I downloaded to read while sitting at the ocean! Something cool about reading the journal and being at the beach! I like their articles!A Good Paper I downloaded to read while on vacation! It's a good paper, covered just about everything I was interested in reading about!
Five Stars A+Five Stars A+
5 Klovers - Courtesy of CK2S Kwips & Kritiques With an abusive ex-husband stalking her relentlessly, Aislinn has had to keep moving in order to stay out of his clutches. She never stays in one town more than one month, remaining as unattached as possible so that leaving is easier to bear. But when she takes a job at Turner Industries, staying isolated proves impossible as she finds herself irresistibly drawn to her employer, Kyle Turner III. Still, she avoids becoming involved with him past their working relationship - that is, until her clairvoyant abilities show her a fatal vision involving Kyle! Kyle knows all about Aislinn's past, in minute detail. Being ex-Special Forces and in the security industry, it is his business to know everything about the people close to him - especially pretty little personal assistants who distract him like no other woman can. He has no intention of letting Aislinn run again, not when he can protect her from her past and keep her close to him, where she belongs... I do not think Annmarie McKenna can do wrong with a story. I have loved every piece of her work I have read so far! Two Sighted was a pleasure both to read and to write a review for. It is books like this that make my job simple, and I wish they could all be this good. Kyle Turner III pushed every button I have, proving that this author knows just what women love in their heroes. In fact, if you could place orders for men that would exactly suit your needs, I would want McKenna's help placing the order since she seems to know what I want better than I do myself! Kyle is the epitome of the overprotective Alpha male who pursues the woman he loves with an unwavering focus and a sensitivity that belies his `he-man' status. Aislinn's fear and loneliness are palpable as she longs for those simple human comforts long denied her - a best friend, a phone call with her mother, a man to fall in love with, a home that is hers for longer than 8 months. Yet even in her determination to remain detached, we see that she can't help but care about those around her. While her abusive ex-husband may have stolen her sense of belonging, her hopes for a future, he hasn't robbed her of her empathy. While it might be easy to be jealous of the woman who captures the attentions of the hunky Kyle, no one could begrudge Aislinn for stealing his heart. I was impressed with Annmarie McKenna's very first novel,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Blackmailed/dp/1599982137/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Blackmailed</a>, and my admiration for her work grows with each new release. In Two Sighted, she effortlessly sets the stage for a sequel starring several of the supporting leaving her fans aching for it without leaving this book feeling unfinished in any way. I know I will be hungrily snapping up any new releases both in this series and from this author!5 Klovers - Courtesy of CK2S Kwips & Kritiques *NOTE* These stories were originally released in individual, yet connected, ebooks. The reviews below were written for the ebooks, hence the references to the print release at the end of each.* ~Watch Me by Shelley Bradley~ Ballroom Dancing is Shanna's life. She will do anything to win the coveted championship - something that has so far eluded her. To that end, she has gone through so many partners she has been nicknamed the Bitch of the Ballroom. But the competitive gene runs strong in Shanna's family, and she is the only one that hasn't yet proved her skill with a trophy. She has given up everything for that goal, even to the exclusion of friendships or romance. The moment Alejandro lays eyes on the beautiful dancer, he aims to change all of that. Determined to win her affection, he tries unsuccessfully to woo her, even purchasing all of her dances at a charity event. But a blackmail scheme and a career-damaging sex tape place Shanna right where Alejandro wants her - in his very own club, Sneak Peek. In this playground for the sexually adventurous, Shanna sets out to trap a blackmailer even while Alejandro sets out to trap Shanna in his own web. He recognizes the exhibitionist tendencies she harbors and knows just how to reach this woman's deepest desires now that she is in his lair... Through it all, he will show Shanna that life is about more than just winning, and that love is the dearest prize of all. If you have read many of my previous reviews, you have probably figured out already that Shelley Bradley, aka Shayla Black, is one of my very favorite authors. Well, there is good reason for that - her writing absolutely rocks! There seems to be no end to the worlds this author can dream up or the characters that speak to her. She can write sweet, she can write spicy, and she usually combines the two in a way that stirs both the loins and the heart with equal fervor. With the current popularity of ABC's `Dancing With the Stars' show, Watch Me's setting in the midst of a professional Ballroom Dancing competition is as topical as it is romantic. While Alejandro may not be a professional dancer, he more than has what it takes to sweep Shanna off of her feet - a fact guaranteed to send the dancer with single-minded focus running in the opposite direction. But in the true style of the best romantic heroes, Alejandro does not let this dissuade him from the prize. He sees more in Shanna than the bitch she is purported her to be - he sees a woman afraid to love, a woman who has forgotten what living is all about, and he is determined to show her personally. Shanna is a woman so focused on her goals, that she has left her life and even her very womanhood behind. With her career firmly in first place, all else takes a backseat, including romance, friendship and even just plain old fun. When she meets Alejandro, she knows to the depths of her soul he will be a distraction she can't afford, and fights her attraction to him with everything she has. Watch Me is a wonderfully hot little romance story with a resounding moral lesson. Readers are reminded alongside Shanna that love and loyalty are the most important prizes of all, and to always keep your mind and your heart open. Watch Me is connected to Jaci Burton's upcoming release, Show Me. The stories will be enhanced if you read them in order (Watch Me first and Show Me second) but each works very well as a standalone tale. Both stories release separately in eBook this month from Samhain Publishing, and will be released together in print in an anthology titled Sneak Peek in 2008. ~Show Me by Jaci Burton~ As heir to her father's holdings, and chairperson of her family's charitable foundations, Janine esteems reputation above all else. No matter what her innermost desires are, as a member of the public eye, she must always be above reproach lest she besmirch the Bartolino name and damage their organization. When her friends drag her out for her thirtieth birthday, she has no idea they are going to Sneak Peek, an exclusive sex club. And she certainly wasn't prepared to meet a man like Del, who seems to see inside her darkest fantasies, but has no regard for reputation, at least not his own. But once she has a taste of what Del offers, she can't stay away, and soon she finds herself exploring the boundaries of exhibitionism with Del in ways she never before imagined. Del has always had his choice of women. As the bachelor partner in Sneak Peek, he finds himself with more than ample opportunity to indulge his most hedonistic tendencies without reservation. Yet when he meets the reserved Janine, he is intrigued by releasing her from her inhibitions and unlocking the passions she has buried deep down inside... Jaci Burton has swiftly moved up my list of favorite authors, and when I learned she was partnering with Shelley Bradley to write the Sneak Peek stories, I jumped at the chance to review these stories by two such talented writers. Burton's Show Me picks up where Bradley's Watch Me leaves off, and stars the supporting male character from the prior story, Phillipe "Del" Delacroix as well as seeing a return of Alejandro in a supporting role this time. Bradley and Burton work well together, connecting the two stories seamlessly. Del is the epitome of the playboy/bad boy. Rich, successful, and with some very wild sexual predilections, he is the kind of man women love to try and tame - just a little bit. Getting to know his character, I found myself reminded of that line in one of Tim McGraw's songs more than once: "I may be a real bad boy, but baby, I'm a real good man." That describes Del perfectly. Del is wicked, tempting, and absolutely untamable, but when it comes down to it, he is definitely a good man. He shows his concern for Janine in everything he does, and still manages to push her limits sexually, fulfilling her wildest yearnings over and over again. Janine is a woman caught between the woman she thinks she needs to be and the woman she really is. When her real world and her fantasies collide, she has to learn more than just how to let herself go - she has to learn to trust. I won't be shy about saying it - I loved this story! Jaci Burton has penned a tale that is smoking hot, and also manages to be extremely romantic. I felt every emotion these characters felt, and was on the edge of my seat until I finished the last chapter. Show Me is connected to Shelley Bradley's book, Watch Me. The stories will be enhanced if you read them in order (Watch Me first and Show Me second) but each works very well as a standalone tale. Both stories release separately in eBook this month from Samhain Publishing, and will be released together in print in an anthology titled Sneak Peek in 2008.
Five Stars great space opera
I wonder if this could be one of our President's favorite selections. I found this book to be a hard read for my old brain (68+) but very informative. Our youngsters need to read this book over and over so they can learn to resist Communism preceded on occasion by Socialism.
Another good read from Michelle Reid! Mistaken identity, crazed paparazzi...tall, gorgeous, rich, Italian...and a farmer? Those are the elements that make up Michelle Reid's story. And a delightful story it is. Sometimes the thing you need is not what you wanted. Rafaelle thought he wanted Rachel's sister, then found what he needed in Rachel. Settle in with this book and prepare for a delightful journey!
ANOTHER GOOD ONE FROM MOON Being a Moon fan, I was delighted to see the start of another series. I found this to be a pleasant read, with wonderful character developement and Moon's strange ability to make even the mundane interesting. I love her details. I note that several reviewers were whinning about absolutely no sexual content. I actually found this to be rather refreshing for a change. Like Moon's Paks, the author spends time examining moral issues, ethics, etc. Her characters are simply human, with all that entails. This is nice. I am not a big "fiction space fan," prefering fantasy and history, but I did enjoy this one and am looking forward to the following books. Ms. Moon is one of our more gifted authors/story tellers. I still wish Paks would ride back into her mind, but until then, this story line will certainly do. Thank you Ms. Moon.Great book once I figured out it was part of a series My wife is a follower of this series. I was having problems sleeping one evening and happened to just grab this particular book from her to be read file figuring. Why not? (As if I do not have my own massive to be read mound of books stashed here and there all over the house...Duh to me). I must admit that I was upset at first due to the fact that I was absolutely clueless as to the plot line, characters and constant references to past events. The next morning my wife informed me that this was one book in a series and that to really make sense of it I really needed to go back to the beginning, i.e. previous books in this series. That is okay though, once I found this information I was able to kick in my imagination, overlook some holes in the plot and finished the novel in good shape. Basically this is a series about a group of women The Sisterhood who seek out revenge against those justly deserving punishment but who for some reason are untouchable by our legal system. Yes folks, this is a vigilante revenge book as are the other in this series. While most of the book is pretty mellow dealing with the love life of various members of The Sisterhood (or so it would seem) I must tell you that there is some EXTREME violence involved with these stories. This group of women simply does not mess around in dealing out justice, no, no, no! Good grief! If you are the sort of person against, or are uncomfortable with good revenge stories, then you probably want to avoid this one. If you are uncomfortable with graphic violence (I am talking torture her folks), you might want to avoid this one. This sort of thing does not particularly bother me as long as animals are not involved and as a matter of fact I dearly love a good tale of revenge...I read The Count of Monte Cristo when I was very, very young and it is still a favorite of mine. This particularly well written tale have our revenge seeking group going after and extreme wife beater and a husband and wife team who abuse horse. The story is well written and I was able to enjoy it even though there were gapping holes in the story line and characters which I had to sort of read around. This was not the authors fault...no it was mine. I think now I will go back and play catch-up and read the novels which came before this one. This was a library find. (Well, my wife found it at the library and I sort of stole it from her)
Wonderfully honest Stay with this one. I wasn't sure at first what I was getting into when I started reading. By the time I finished, Elyn became one of my heroes.
The Icebound Land Book three in the "Ranger's Apprentice" series. This is an epic YA fantasy series with all the typical sword fights, bows and arrows, good guys and bad guys. Only sometimes the bad guys aren't so bad. I am enjoying this series and this book didn't disappoint. Good writing, clean fantasy. No swearing or sexual content, there is loads of action including fighting and violence. I give it four stars, I really liked it!Battle for Skandia Book four of the YA Fantasy series, "The Ranger's Apprentice" and I am so enjoying this series. The characters are great, the epic fantasy story is there, plenty of action, loads of adventure, and just plain good storytelling. So far this one is my favorite. I give it five stars. I loved it. No sexual content and no swearing. There is fighting and violence.
Get it A very good read for you Western fans. Great price too.
STONE COLD SURRENDER The reason why I gave this book 4 stars because I enjoyed the secondary storyline more than the main storyline. I thought Madison was the dumbest females to be matched up with Stone he deserved a better woman. Out of the 2 main characters I enjoyed Stone the most.TONIGHT AND FOREVER This is the first Madaris book I read. The book's storyline was not very hot & steamy, & very predictable. I felt sorry for Lorren & Justin. I love Ms. Jackson books but this one was just okay to read in your free time. I hope the 2nd book in this series is better than this one.
My Enemy's Enemy is My Friend After escaping a lifetime of slavery in ice-cold Skandia, Will and Princess Cassandra (locally known as Evanlyn) are trying to get back to their homeland. There's good news and bad news. The good news is that they are reunited with Horace the apprentice knight and Halt the Ranger. The bad news is that a couple thousand warring plainsmen are blocking the way home. The four Araluens have to put aside decades of mistrust and hostility towards the Skandians and help them defend their land against the Temujai. Why don't they just leave the Skandians to their own devices? After Skandia, the plainsmen are going after Araluen. And they have never been beaten. This fourth book in The Ranger's Apprentice combines military strategy, hand-to-hand fighting, the instinct for survival, and the brutality and personal loss of war to produce a vivid action-packed novel that concludes the four Araluens' excursion to Skandia. I reccommend it strongly to any lover of medieval warfare and The Ranger's Apprentice series. VBGA Third Success...ish Will is kidnapped by Skandians and about to be sold as a slave. The crown princess of Araluen is with him, also on the verge of being sold into slavery. He has to find a way to escape. In this book, Will fights hunger, the cold, even drugs to survive through the icebound land that is Skandia, while Horace and Halt travel through the Gallic baronies to save Will. Readers are introduced to the unfamiliar tundra of the Skandians, the dog-eat-dog world of Gallica, and the tyranny of Deparnieux. The only thing I didn't like was the way the story dragged on in Will's half of the novel, which is what took one star out of the rating. Half the book to narrate sailing and slavery? Not the wisest decision. But I have to salute Flanagan's accurate description of seasickness and drug addiction, which I have experience with (the seasickness, not the drug thing). VBG
What can I say? It's Conan Doyle and Sherlock ... What can I say? It's Conan Doyle and Sherlock Holmes. Oh, let's not forget Dr. Watson.
Excellent This book has been the best memoir of mental illness that I ever read . It was put together with grace and truth without harm to anyone . Excellent!!!
great book GOOD FICTION MOB BOOK.LISA SCOTTOLINE IS A GREAT WRITER-SHE WRITES PAGE TURNERS.THIS BOOK IS ABOUT JUDY[BENNIE'S ASSISTANT IN LAW OFFICE] AND HOW SHE HELPS PIGEON TONY IN A MURDER CASE.FRANK ,PIGEON TONYS GRANDSON,BECOMES A LOVE INTEREST.I COULDN'T WAIT TO SEE HOW SHE GETS THROGH THE COURT CASE-IF SHE WINS OR NOT-AND HOW THE LOVE INTEREST ENDS,OR BEGINS IN ANOTHER BOOK.I HAVE READ ABOUT 4 OF HER BOOKS-AND STILL COME BACK FOR MORE.HAPPY READING!GREAT STORY THIS IS A NEW AUTHOR FOR ME.I PICKED THIS BOOK UP ONE AFTERNOON,AND THAT WAS IT.I COULDN'T PUT IT DOWN.THERE IS 562 PAGES-IN THE BEGINNING I THOUGHT OH THERES ALOT OF READING.THEN I GOT TO THE THIRD CHAPTER AND DIDN'T WANT TO PUT THE BOOK DOWN.I WAS VERY GLAD THAT THERE WAS SO MANY PAGES,THE STORY KEEPS YOU GOING UNTILL THE END.I'M GLAD I FOUND MS.SCOTTOLINE AS A AUTHOR.SHE WRITES SHORT CHAPTERS-LIKE PATTERSON-KNOWS ABOUT LAWYERS.KEEPS YOU INTERESTED TO THE END.I'M ON TO ANOTHER ONE OF HER BOOKS-LADY KILLER- ITS GREAT TOO.
A Good Read!!!! Will Nikki and Jack did get back together but I don't think I will read the whole series. I will start the next one to see how the series goes. I do recommend it. There is just something missing.
A surprisingly gripping and engaging read I am a fairly slow reader. Not sure if it's because I enjoy going slow and savoring a book; or if it's the book itself, drawing me in slowly; or, maybe it's that, while I enjoy the stories and characters, the writing is so-so. The Icebound Land is engaging, gripping, and kept me up well into the morning looking to see what's next. The story is simple compared to books one and two. It's about survival and loyalty and friendship and hope. The book continues maybe a few weeks to a month after the end of The Burning Bridge; with Will and Evanlyn engaging route to Skandia as slaves, and Halt trying to keep his promise to Will. I liked how the author split the focus between the two teams. I liked the growth of the world and the new characters. And you can tell some of the characters will b playing a larger part in books to come. As a stand alone, this actually works. You don't need a lot of backstory to understand what's going on or why. I mean, it helps, but it isn't needed. I hope those that have enjoyed the series thus far will give this a try. And those that haven't but are reading this, you may enjoy it more than you think. Give it a try.
Fern Michaels/ The Jury Love it ! I have a hard time waiting to see who they will punish next & what they do to the guilty party ! Fern Michaels is a Genius of a writer !
Always a good read. Thank you for h having spunky heroines who love their families, flaws and all. I hope you can write more like these. This is my tenth time rereading this book alone. I love the setting and all the characters from the gruff hero to the slimy bad guy.
Great book I thought this book was amazing. It had suspense and romance. It was tastefully writen all the while keeping it sexy and making you want more.
Fantastic Paranormal Romance! Can't wait to read the next one! Wow! I loved this! I know this book has been out for awhile, but I hadn't yet had a chance to read it. Last time I went to the salon, my nail technician was raving about it and told me I had to check it out. So I did -- and I'm so glad! Lynsay Sands puts a really cool twist on the idea of vampires. I won't spoil anything, but it's different than most of your traditional vampire books. Not only that, but... TINGLES! The small looks, the not-so-casual touches... this book was full of tingles. Some of the scenes were downright HOT! This is a complete book with no pesky cliffhanger and a HEA. I have to say, I'm definitely a fan. I'm going to definitely pick up the next book in the series. For fans of Paranormal Romance, this book is a must read! This review was originally posted on The Novel Lady Blog.
So Unrealistic, but Oh So HOT! This little novella is hot, and I mean HOT!!! Are the series of events that unfold unrealistic, especially when you consider the time period in which the story is set...yes! But who cares? The story has a sweet romance, and hot sex. Furthermore it's well written, and the characters are likeable. Stella is traveling by wagon train, from Virginia to California, with her sister. At one of the stops, she ambles off to bathe in a stream that isn't too far the from camp. Standing Bear happens upon Stella as she lounges naked by the stream. Of course he decides to keep her, and the chase is on. Next thing you know he's got her tied to a tree and has his way with her. Standing Bear is determined to keep Stella with him as his woman; he even renames her Pale As Moonlight. However, relations between Whites and Indians is such that he has to consider the potential consequences to his people, should he kidnap a White woman. When his companions join him and Stella, he is forced to let her go...for now. From there the story progresses to its conclusion, complete with HEA. The love that develops between Stella and Standing Bear occurs almost instantaneously and is not very convincing, just as the series of events that unfold once Stella returns to the wagon train, are somewhat unrealistic. Moreover, the ending is too convenient. Nonetheless, if you are willing and able to suspend disbelief for a little while, this story makes for a thoroughly entertaining read. Happy reading!
Judicial tyranny Probably one of the best books you will find out there at this time on the Constitution and the tyrannical judiciary system. Of course this was a few months ago now. Make sure to read Constitutional Chaos by Judge Andrew Napolitano. The supreme court is turning the Constitution on it's head by making law instead of faithfully interpreting it as it was written. "The Constitution was never meant to prevent people from praying; it's declared purpose was to protect their freedom to pray." "Our nationwide policy of obortion-on-demand through all nine months of pregnancy was neither voted for by our people nor enacted by our legislatures-not a single state had such unrestricted abortion before the Supreme Court decreed it to be national policy." Ronald Reagan Maybe it is our Democratic form of government slowly but surely eroding our Republic foundation.
5 Star Book This book was superb. It was full of suspense. My favorite character was Pigeon Tony, he makes you feel a range of emotions along with him, spanning over sixty years.
Solid, clear and inspiring! I was impressed with how clear and grounded Donald Trump was with great examples. My brother sent me this book as a gift just as I was looking to see how I will expand my business. It was the perfect book for this time in my life. It was also great to see how the book used the Learning Annex vehicle to further illustrate with similar examples that just buttressed the examples from Donald Trump's experiences and setbacks, failures and huge successes. Wonderful read!
Five Stars I got it With the image. I Am the force. Very scientific reading.
A good space adventure tale that held my interest 3.5 stars. A good space adventure tale that held my interest.
If you are a believer and you believe in God ... If you are a believer and you believe in God then you have to ask what will happen when we die.
Hot Just the right kind of alpha. Pretty steamy,so if looking for a clean historical romance this is not for you, but as for me, I couldn't wait to read another by this author.
Five Stars Excellent Read.
Hot Hot Hot!!!!!!!!! I just couldn't believe this book. It was so hot. I wanted myself a Renegade Indian. Geez amazingly hot and sexy book.
Overall Rating: 5.00 Overall Rating: 5.0 // Action: 4.0 / Emotion: 4.0 / Romance: 4.0 / Sensuous: 3.5 / Suspense: 5.0 // Laughter: 2 / Grins: 3 // Tears: 1 / Teary: 2 Allison Brennan: 5.00: A favorite author. Like her writing style, her voice, the way she weaves romance into her gripping suspense stories. See No Evil: 5.00: Four sentences in this book struck a very personal chord, thus it became a very engrossing, moving, heart-felt story. "I should have fought harder for custody. But I'm just her aunt. I know the law. It was stacked against me." (Julia, page 59) Hero: 4.0: Connor Kincaid: It was impossible not to feel drawn to this rule-breaking, hot-blooded, hunk of a man who was described as "a pit bull when he cared about something." By the end of the book, Connor had resolved the issues tied to his bitterness that overwhelmed him because he had to resign from a job he loved (San Diego Police Department) when he was forced to testify against his brothers in blue. Heroine: 4.5: Julia Chandler: A gorgeous deputy district attorney with a take-no-prisoners reputation, who fought for what she believed in. It was impossible not to admire a heroine who would not back down -- to anyone. But . . . she was willing to break the law to save her niece. Story Line: 4.5: A uniquely fascinating tale about a villain with a God complex, who manipulated four emotionally wounded teens to kill so he could wreck vengeance without getting his own hands bloody. When Julia's niece, Emily, was suspected of killing her abusive stepfather, Judge Victor Montgomery, she called Connor, a private investigator, to prove Emily's innocence -- even though she was instrumental in the destruction of his career five years ago. Action: 4.0: The story line moved at a fast pace as the villain moved the teens around his chess board and Julia, Connor, Dillon, and Will investigated the deaths that were the result of an e-group called Wishlist. Emotion: 4.0: Although not as intense as expected because of the way Brennan drew me into this story, it was impossible not to feel sympathy and compassion for so many of the characters; namely, {1} Connor, {2} Julia, {3} Emily, and, surprisingly, {4} Faye. Romance: 4.0: There was a stronger feeling of romance in this book than in Brennan's previous four. Brennan had a kiss that Connor and Julia shared five years before with which to work. The fireworks between Connor and Julia bespoke of strong feelings that could not be suppressed. Sensuous: 3.5: Lots of sizzle, heat, and sensuality were present when Connor and Julia made love. Suspense: 5.0: Brennan is a master when it comes to developing a story that keeps readers on the edge of their seats as they try to figure out who the villain might be -- right along with the main characters. Secondary Characters: 5.0: The secondary characters ranged from rich, well-developed characters to barely-there members, but they added great depth to this story. Liked the continued inclusion of the Kincaid family by including: {1} Dillon Kincaid (the psychiatrist), {2} Patrick Kincaid (the e-crimes guru), {3} homicide detective Will Hooper (an honorary Kincaid), and {4} District Attorney Andrew Stanton (the ex-brother-in-law). The villains all added to the rich suspenseful flavor necessary for this story: {1} the number one villain (even though he remained unidentified), {2} the co-villain (who also remained unidentified), {3} Faye Kessler, the most heart-breaking teen villain, {4} Camilla "Cami" Wohler, the most cold-blooded teen villain, {5} Dennis "Skip" Richardson, Jr., a minor teen villain, and {6} Robert "Robbie" Haxton, the other minor teen villain. Julia's relatives were necessary additions: {1} Emily Chandler Montgomery, her niece, and {2} Crystal Montgomery, Emily's mother (the gold-digger). And, last, but definitely not least were two intriguing additions: {1} Selene Borge and {2} Billy Thompson. See Wolf Bear Does Books for a more in-depth, detailed review of *See No Evil*.Overall Rating: 4.85 Overall Rating: 4.85 // Action: 4.0 / Emotion: 4.7 / Romance: 4.5 / Sensuous: 3.0 / Suspense: 4.0 // Laughter: 1 // Tears: 6 / Teary: 1 The Kill: 4.85: An un-put-down-able, re-read-able book because: {1} Allison Brennan is a favorite author; {2} Romantic Suspense is a favorite sub-genre; and {3} Brennan is a very talented storyteller who can quickly draw her readers into a romantic and suspenseful story and keep their interest all the way through the book. Except that this story went on a bit too long after the exciting 'this should have been the big finale' scene. Hero: 4.0: Zack Thomas: A Seattle Homicide Detective who is sexy, protective, caring, confident, determined and every romance reader's dream come true: . . . . . If there was one thing Zack Travis knew, it was women. When to touch. Where to touch. How to touch. (page 79) . . . . . Heroine: 4.5: Olivia St. Martin: The strong-willed, intelligent director of Trace Evidence and Materials Analysis at FBI's Virginia-based laboratory who hides her compassion, obsession, and determination behind a faade of ice. It was easy to identify with Olivia and understand her emotional angst. Story Line: 5.0: What an exciting premise around which to revolve a story. A little girl loses her big sister to a killer and from that moment on her life is never the same. Through science, she is driven to find justice for all victims of crime. When she finds out she helped incarcerate an innocent man for killing her sister, she stops at nothing to find the actual killer. She poses as an FBI Agent to insert herself into the Seattle Police Department's investigation of a serial killer -- believing him to be the man who killed her sister. Action: 4.0: The story begins to soar as Zack and Olivia head up the investigation into The Seattle Slayer. The action in this book, however, is more in the line of police procedural events than exciting adventurous scenes such as car chases and the like. Emotion: 4.7: Brennan is amazing as she weaves such deep emotion into a story about a monster. The emotion in this story is rich for several reasons. {1} Who cannot help but hate a serial killer who rapes and kills little girls? {2} Brennan richly details the devastation that the families of the slain girls experience -- concentrating on Olivia's crumbling steel walls of control. Romance: 4.5: The awareness that arched between Zack and Olivia was never left in doubt. Zack was attracted to Olivia in spite of the "don't touch" signals she broadcast. Olivia's walls of emotional protection began to collapse and a deep romantic connection built as she spent more time with Zack. Sensuous: 3.0: Brennan knows how to include spice, heat, passion and emotion in her love scenes. Suspense: 4.0: The suspense was constant and became more intense as the story progressed. Brennan painted such a complex, controlled, astute picture of The Seattle Slayer and his ability to evade detection, that she had readers wondering how Zack, Olivia and their team were going to catch this slippery predator. Secondary Characters: 4.5: Brennan seems to really get into the heads of her supporting characters. She did a phenomenal job of making both The Seattle Slayer (the true villain) and Brian Harrison Hall (the circumstantial villain) very multi-faceted. Although not as well developed as these two men, the other supporting characters in the book came to life with concise descriptions and minimal appearances. It was nice to get a picture of Quinn and Miranda Peterson's future when they were included in the story. See Wolf Bear Does Books for a more in-depth, detailed review of *The Kill*.
Perfectly written! Reading this made me wish I was a Viking! Total must-read!Great Book!!!! One of the best books I have ever read. I've been reading through this series and it is fantastic! I highly recommend it to anybody who likes to read!
Well-written book This book was well-written and thought out. While the story didn't grab me, I think it was more my mood at the time and nothing related to the book.
Best in the series so far The book begins with Will and Evelyn still holed up in the hideaway cabin in the mountains of Skandia, and the action really gets underway when Evelyn is kidnapped by what turns out to be the scouting party of an Army intent on invading Skandia. In the meantime, Halt and Horace, still seeking Will and Evelyn, have entered Skandia and crossed through a mountain pass littered with the bodies of dead Skadians. They know something bad is afoot. In a story arc that is unrealistic, but fun and exciting, Halt and Horace meet up with Will and Evelyn just when the two need them the most. During the rest of the story, the four main characters are together, along with Erak the Skandian. It is satisfying to have all our characters in one place again. A large portion of the book focuses on battle strategy, training, and a lengthy - sometimes gory - description of the battle. The book contains some mild romantic tension between the boys and Evelyn, who is eventually reunited with her father. This book concludes the three book story arch that began with The Burning Bridge, which means I have absolutely no idea what might happen in Book Five. Fun!
Good book to have around There are so many things in this book that you can find something to cover anything that you might be looking for. I like to just look to see what all is in it.
"Pulp Fiction" at its very best Those years of the 30's gave us the incredible "pulp" magazines of several genres, basically adventure, western, science fiction, mystery and detective. The detective pulps such as "Black Mask" and "Dime Detective" were training grounds for the like of Erle Stanley Gardner, Dashell Hammett, and Raymond Chandler. This volume gives us Raymond Chandler's essay of the detective genre plus twelve novellas and short stories basically from the pulp magazines. Four of these are Phillip Marlowe adventures, all written before the novels. Of these, "Goldfish" and "Trouble is My Business" truly stand out. However, there are three others: "Smart-Aleck Kill" with Johnny Dalmas, the notable "Guns at Cyrano's" with Ted Carmady, and "The King in Yellow" featuring hotel detective turned private eye Steve Grayce. Each of these three stories feature a very obvious antecedent to Phillip Marlowe. Raymond Chandler is noted especially for his concise but rich descriptions of locale and also of characters. These are practically photographic descriptions. Also, there's Chandler's dialogue complete with sardonic humor and wisecracks. The plot is swift paced with nary a dull moment. He was well trained by BLACK MASK's editor who suggested that whenever the plot threatens to bog down, have a man with a gun in his hand walk into the scene. Dashell Hammett and Raymond Chandler shaped the tough private eye genre which spawned Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer, Richard Prather's Shell Scott, Robert Parker's Spenser, and also today's police detective genre, most notably Michael Connelly's Harry Bosch. Chandler termed this genre, as opposed to the more genteel Agatha Christy type of mystery, "realistic". Well, that's arguable. I don't know about you, but I don't ordinarily find dead bodies whenever I walk into an empty room, nor are the people who knock on my door likely to have guns in their hands, or even on their persons, so I question the "realistic" label. But these stories are good fun. The body count is rather high in most of the stories, and you can often figure out who the murderer is by eliminating the characters who get killed along the way. Be that as it may, this volume is indeed highly recommended.
Love is going to last forever I do not know how I hadn't read Justin and Lorren's story before, however I am grateful that I have now. I truly believe things and people come into your life for a reason, a season and a lifetime. Justin and Lorren's story encompasses two of the three, the reason being healing and the final being a lifetime.
Couldn't put it down! Finally some help that makes sense! I was recently diagnosed with PCOS, insulin resistance and diabetes. To say the least, I was shell shocked. I researched on the internet and tried so hard to figure out how to change my lifestyle. Honestly, I haven't done as well as I've wanted. I have lost 23 pounds since August, but I've stalled. And most days I'm so frustrated with "what to eat" that I only get in 800 calories, if I'm lucky. On top of this, I'm working out around an hour a day. And still I've stalled out on the weight loss. I finished reading this book in less than a day. I couldn't put it down, I was a sponge soaking up all the information. When I completed the book, I called my doctor's PA and discussed it with her. She told me this was perfect for me and to go for it. I'm so excited to put what I've learned from this book into what I do. I finally know what I can and can't eat and I don't have to starve because I have no idea what to eat, besides peanut butter, to control the spikes. Thank you so much, to the authors, for putting this out there for people like me who are struggling just to survive. I'll update again in a few months, after this becomes a habit and life change for me.
Still cracks me up to this day! I will give this book 5 stars because while I liked all of the marx brothers, Groucho, Chico, Harpo, Gummo, and Zeppo. Carlo (or as he was named by his folks "Karl") is the funniest and the best writer. By the way, he was the inspiration for Groucho's "Captain Spaulding"
Great Book Ordered this for my Kindle and it is a classic that my kids can read as well. I enjoy reading and books get expensive. Thank you
read this when it is too cold to go out A romance, slow starting but you fall in love with the story. After you read about the wagon train and crossing the west
Interesting vampire mythology Sands has written a new take on the vampire mythology. Very good start to the series. Look forward to the rest of the series.
An Important and Much Needed Book Mark Levin does a very good job at outlining the huge problem of judicial tyranny, citing evidence for it, and providing sensible (albeit very difficult to implement) solutions. Anyone who has been an observer of the courts over the years has seen numerous examples of arrogant judges who have imposed their political prejudices on the nation. Many judges at all levels operate with no regard for the Constitution or the limits on their power. A very recent example is the district court judge in the Schiavo case who ignored Congress and the president when they asked for a review of the case. Although the framers of our Constitution did a great job at putting checks on Congress and the president, they didn't do as well in restraints on the courts. This Constitutional `Achilles heel' has allowed the judiciary in general, and the Supreme Court in particular, to function as an oligarchy. Five unelected, unaccountable justices on the Supreme Court have usurped power to the point that they can essentially dictate policy to the nation. Levin does a very good job of showing many areas where this has occurred including citing specific cases and providing hundreds of footnotes. Some areas where the Court has acted outside the scope of its authority that Levin lists include the following: Forcing tax money to be spent on services for illegal aliens, allowing political speech to be limited, interfering with local school operations, farm quotas, prison policies, partial birth abortion, etc. He demonstrates how the Court has usurped authority rightly belonging to the states, Congress, and the Executive. I don't think that he puts enough blame on the Congress and President for allowing this to happen. They certainly have had remedies available, but have failed to exercise them effectively. Another thing that Mr. Levin does very well is making it clear that these judges who usurp power have no more wisdom than anyone else and sadly, in many cases, far less. He goes through some of the horrendous decisions of the Court such as Dred Scott, Plessy v. Ferguson, and the the McCain-Feingold Act. He also provides several examples of justices who stayed in power after they seemingly had dementia issues or otherwise didn't fulfill their duties appropriately. In addition, he reviews the likes of former justices like Hugo (KKK) Black and Felix Frankfurter (who aided the career of notorious spy Alger Hiss). There are issues in the book with which I disagree with Mr. Levin. For example, he seemed to be contradictory in his commentary on Korematsu v. U.S. A main contention of the book is the problems with judicial activism and the Court not deferring to the Executive in areas in which it should. Then he cited Korematsu, which was essentially a case where the Court did defer to FDR regarding the internment of Americans of Japanese ancestry during WWII. I think that internment was terrible, but I do not think that this decision was judicial activism. It certainly seemed to be a case of deferring to the Executive. Although Levin does a very good job of outlining the problems with the courts (or as the book's subtitle is `How the Supreme Court is Destroying America'), the best part of the book is the section that contains his proposed solutions. He has cited some that are already available to Congress and the president such as limiting the jurisdiction of the courts in certain areas, impeachment, and recess appointments. Additionally, he has suggested Constitutional amendments allowing a Congressional override of Supreme Court decisions with a 2/3 vote of Congress and limiting the terms of federal judges to twelve years. For those who want to be able to keep a particularly outstanding judge, he suggests making them eligible to be reappointed after the twelve year period if they can again win Senate confirmation. This is a very important and much needed book. I would encourage everyone to read it and encourage their members of Congress to read it and adopt the solutions provided.
Just What I Needed This has to be the most successful lifestyle change I have ever made. With very little effort I have been successfull in shedding nearly 15 lbs!!! This book makes perfect sence. I haven't got it all down pat yet but I'm working at it. I recommend this book.
handbook for change This book is simple to read, yet very complicated. It should be read by all those who wish to change from this dog eat dog world to a more humane, peaceful one.
Five Stars Great book
second time around and still couldn't put it down! Fun. Fast. Engaging. For space opera lovers who like a strong female lead. I highly recommend this book. Go for it!
review This book was funny, exciting and the characters were great. The detail is great. So easy to read it keeps your attention.
The Calhoun Chronicles Bundle Excellent series. Each story captured my interest and I couldn't stop reading each book. The main characters were unique and vivid. Loved all the stories and story lines. Wished there were more books in this series. I'd highly recommend The Calhoun Chronicles to anyone who likes romance and adventure. Great buy too.
Under the Tuscan Shadow Lies a Hopscotch Tour of Europe and the Mediterranean I think the best travel essay books transcend the logistics of roaming through exotic locations to bring out a strong narrative thread that illuminates themes more resonant than the author's own self-discovery. Author Frances Mayes achieved a universal sense of liberation and self-acceptance with her most famous book, "Under the Tuscan Sun", but despite her immense gift in conveying the images of foreign cultures, she falls a bit short with her latest collection of essays. Timing also works against her as fellow writer Elizabeth Gilbert has recently come out with her own revealing diary of a year traveling abroad with "Eat, Pray, Love: One Woman's Search for Everything Across Italy, India and Indonesia". Whereas Gilbert undergoes a cathartic experience that transforms her from an urban-dwelling workaholic, Mayes - having already experienced her own catharsis in refurbishing a 900-year old Tuscan villa - already seems well prepared for the pleasures and hazards of travel and often comes across as a dilettante in the way she and her husband Ed hopscotch the globe in search of a feeling of home all over Europe and the Mediterranean. Giving up the security of their tenured university positions, the couple covers quite a bit of ground, and in fact, each chapter represents a unique locale and consequently an idiosyncratic experience. As if hosting a travel series, they go to museums that range from the world-renowned Prado in Madrid to a Welsh museum filled with over one thousand teapots. In a less adventurous vein than Anthony Bourdain, they also dine on the local cuisine whether it is churros in Sevilla or Sally Lunn bread in the Cotswolds or Ed's constant quest for the perfect espresso. Academics at heart, they immerse themselves into the local literature to ensure they are not ignorant before coming to landmarks of historical or cultural significance. However, as with Gilbert's book, the best passages in Mayes' book have to do with the local people that she and Ed meet and get to know. Mayes has a particular talent in describing unique characters like the aggressive, multilingual Istanbul rug dealer who sends notes in miniature looms or the Fez tour guide who loves to quote from Joseph Conrad. These are the people that bring the book to life. Frances and Ed, on the other hand, seem like observers, thoughtful tour guides for the upscale traveler. The author seems to be taking a page from Alain de Botton's "The Art of Travel" where he waxes fondly on the multitude of epiphanies brought about by one's own voyaging and mixing the resulting experiences with observations made by the great artists and writers. I just think Mayes doesn't quite elucidate those epiphanies at a meaningful enough level given the hodgepodge approach of their journey.The Supreme Court as an Abusive Power Base...Credible? It's not such earth-shattering news that there is something awry about the precarious checks and balances upon which the three branches of the U.S. government are designed to keep an eye on each other. Author Mark Levin takes on the Supreme Court with emotional gusto and portrays the judicial arm of the government as a tyranny of monopolistic power threatening the very foundation of our constitution. He sees the Court evolving into a legislative agency rather than fulfilling its intended role as the interpreter of the laws. It's an intriguing premise to take a peek behind the black robes (though not as funny as the nude centerfolds of the justices in Jon Stewart's "America: The Citizen's Guide to Democracy Inaction") but one often caught in hyperbole, no surprise since Levin is by profession, a talk show host who mistakes such tactics as passionate discourse. To his credit, the author does bear the weight of thoughtful research when he looks, for example, at the Supreme Court's willingness to abrogate the First Amendment through upholding the Bipartisan Campaign Finance Reform Act. He provides some compelling evidence of how the Court has overstepped its bounds on many occasions, in particular, by expanding the power of the federal government vis--vis several states to enforce certain rulings. The author feels this encroaching sense of power has ignited issues such as abortion, immigration, civil rights for terrorists, religious liberty, affirmative action, pornography and election law, beyond what would have made sense within the Constitution's framework. But the stacked deck approach he takes, dubbing the Court "radicals in robes", seems to oversimplify what he feels are the justices' directive to impose their policy preferences on society. Levin should be commended for undertaking such a worthy effort with such vigor, and I have to give credit to him for explaining why certain cases should not have happened in light of what the Constitution says. I just wish he spent less time on what he perceives to be the problem with the current Court and more time on what he feels should remedy it. The book could have resonated with me much more if he was more solution-driven in his approach.
I Read It Until the Book Fell Apart I am commenting on the present book not the older 1968 version. Some other people are commenting on the old book. Before you read all the other comments here, please be clear that this book is not like Chandler's other books. Unfortunately, some other people commenting on this book have not read the book - obviously. This book does not contain his character Philip Marlowe. He might have been in the 1968 version, I do not know. Here we have an essay by Chandler called "The Simple Art of Murder," followed by 8 short stories, each about 40 pages long. In some ways, these are a sampling of Chandler's "other stories." They still involve an LA based private detective, but each leading male protagonist has a different personality. The great attraction of this book is the essay by Chandler on how he writes, and what he thinks of other writers. After reading the esssay, I immediately ran out and bought Hemingway's "Farewell to Arms." Chandler thought that this book probably has the best prose of 20th century novels. In the essay Chandler tells us about his philosophy to writing crime stories, and he makes comments on other writers from Hemingway to British mystery writer Dorothy Sayers. It is a good essay by Chandler but short. I have read all 7 Chandler novels plus the short stories "Trouble is My Business." One can make the argument that the present book is perhaps his best work; although, the short story format does not make for an impressive read - as we see for example in "Farewell, My Lovely," or other full novels. As a Chandler fan I read this introduction four times, and read most other stories twice. "Smart-Aleck Kill" has a very complicated plot compressed into a very short format. I ended up reading it three times before all the characters were clear in my mind. Eventually the binding of this new book came apart. There is no Philip Marlowe, but this is an excellent sample of Chandler's writing skills. Chandler wrote detective mystery stories, and became famous for seven novels and a number of Hollywood screen plays, mostly about crime and private detectives in the "film noir" genre of Hollywood black and white films, or what is called LA "pulp fiction". Far from being an ordinary writer of cheap crime stories, Chandler became one of America's best writers from the mid 20th century. His fame was of course helped by Bogat and Bacall starring in the film "The Big Sleep" based on Chandler's first novel. In any case, this is a book that is not to be missed by Chandler fans. It is simply excellent for anyone else.
Five Stars My only complaint of that I cannot merge this subscription Werth with my existing All Access subscription.
Very interesting Book This was a very interesting book. I didn't know about all this ritual in the Jewish faith. Well written. I hadn't read Faye Kellerman in a long time, so glad I read this.
Like visits with old freinds I had forgotten some of the stories but it was like seeing freinds that you knew .. Great! The pictures that are drawn with words are things your mind really never forgets..They are there even if you think ,You forgot them..
Good Writing Makes up for Lack of Action Anyone who has read much science fiction must be familiar with the stories which begin with a young officer on his or her first assignment facing unexpected challenges and rising to meet them brilliantly. "Trading in Danger" is yet another of this ilk. Unlike the others though the plot is 98% slow development, the heroine is mostly having to react to events and we are in her mind as she weighs options and makes decisions. There are but two fight scenes, both small melees. The writing is good and despite the slowish pace, carried me along. I shall get the next in this series.
Read this book and grab a--! Get your a-- out of the way! Watch your a--! Get it straight from the biggest a-- in America! "I always get even" ... "I gave her a great job ..." "she bought a beautiful home" "I needed her help ..." "She told me she couldn't do it ..." "Later I found out here business failed. I was really happy ..." "I go out of my way to make her life miserable .." (pp 179-180) This book should get it across to those knuckleheads in the Republican Party. Trump carried these jerks' water for them. "Where's the birth certificate? etc" Now the media and the Democrats who control the media are out to get him, like always. Forget global warming. Forget international trade. Forget cussin' away at Mexican Americans etc. Now they've got him by the balls, literally, with these rape stories, these harpies. So these bums, elected by good white Americans, the hamburgers of the earth, now they're gonna head for the tall grass? Yeah? Don't think that sending Newt Gingrich out with his tongue flickering is gonna do it. All these guys gotta get down on their knees. Trump's gonna win anyway, and then they'll find out who's boss.
Inspirational I gave this book 5 stars because Joyce always seems to know just what I need. She makes a lot of sense and conveys it on a level that is easy for me to understand. I recommend this book to all. God has blessed her, He has blessed me and He will bless you.
Five Stars Quick delivery which was great since I needed for class! Thanks!!! Great condition too!
Another great book In the fourth book in the Ranger's Apprentice series, we find Will and Evelyn right where book 3 left off. Will has now recovered from his addiction. Spring is coming and it's time for the duo to leave the safety of the hunting cabin they've been hiding in since Erak helped them escape slavery. While out checking the snares, Evelyn is kidnapped. Will ventures out after her and runs into Halt and Horace during his attack on the kidnappers. Reunited with his master, Will is once again in the hands of the Skandians. Halt, Horace, Will, and Evelyn help the Skandians defend the homeland against another invading kingdom. When the Skandians are safe they head home with some new friends. Like the first 3 books this is an excellent read, a real page turner. Will and Horace are growing up and there's a budding relationship stewing between Will, Horace, and Evelyn. The adventure is nonstop and never gets boring. This book will keep you wanting to read more. Can't wait to read the next book in the series. I hope it's as good as the 4 previous books. I recommend this book to adults and children alike.Another great book I thoroughly enjoyed this book as I did the first 2. I felt it was very fast paced. Halt's humor was a very nice change. Kind of feels like the reader gets to know him a bit more. I too had a feeling of dread for Will due to his drug addiction. However, I did feel like the ending was a bit too quick. But as with the other 2 books, it leaves you wanting more. This is defiantly a winning series.
Five Stars good book
The only book I have purchased twice. This is a great book. In the eighties, when this came out in paperback, I purchased it and read it in less than a week. I looked for my old copy, couldn't find it and then recently purchased a hard cover copy of this book again. It is the same enjoyable read it was in the eighties. For those looking for an enjoyable read, this book is it. The movie pales in comparison to the actual book, since many of the most humorous stories are left out of the movie. One example is the bank deposit box being broken, and please deposit your money with the fake security guard. What a laugh. This should have been put in the movie. Abagnale is a true con and this book is so well written. For a true adventure story that flows smooth, this is a great book. I recommend this book--Five plus stars.
Solid Character-based Space Opera Although I am a fan of space opera, I've improbably managed to avoid reading the novels of Elizabeth Moon until now. A friend finally convinced me to take the plunge, and begin here, with her first Vatta novel. I am glad that I did. Set in a space opera universe of FTL travel, ansibles for FTL communication, and a balkinized polity of trading planets, pirates, mercenary companies and more, Trading in Danger is the story of Kylara (Ky) Vatta. Unlike her trading oriented family, she's more interested in a military career. This career path goes off the rails in the first chapter of the book, as she is cashiered out of the military academy for what seemed to be an innocent attempt to help a fellow classmate. Scandalous! Her family decides that a change of scenery and away from the media lights of her home planet of Slotter's Key. The Glennys Jones is one of the oldest ships in the Vatta trading fleet and due for scrap. Send Ky to captain the falling-apart ship for one last mission, with the end point of the mission having the ship being scrapped on a distant planet, and have her charter transportation back home for her and her crew. In the meantime, the scandal will have been forgotten Simple, right? Although she assiduously avoided joining the family business to this point, Ky cannot resist the chance to make some "trade and profit." And in the quest for that, winds up in an unfamiliar solar system that is just about ready to break out into civil war... Moon is the sort of space opera writer that reminds me of Bujold in many ways. The technical details are plot oriented and relatively general in their details. Readers looking for lovingly thought out technical details of an FTL drive are going to be disappointed here. The technological details here serve character development and plot. And it is there, especially the character development, that Moon shines. Ky is a fully formed and envisioned three dimensional character, who has strengths, weaknesses, personality and who grows and changes in the course of the novel. Even when she does the wrong thing (for the right reasons), she is a sympathetic viewpoint character and Moon makes her the hard core of the novel. Her secondary characters are also well drawn as well, and contrast well against Ky, ranging from her family, to her crew, to those she tangles with in the course of her story. The pacing is a bit slow as far as the action goes, its clear Moon is more interested in character development and starting the building of her world here than anything else. I was never precisely bored, but there are stretches that are less action packed than others. I also suspect that there might have been a larger book here that Moon decided to trim. Some subplots and ideas are mentioned and dropped in, but not fully explored. This may be a case of Chekov's Law, as applied to subsequent novels. Speaking of subsequent novels, despite the relatively minor detractions, I definitely be looking to continue to read Ky's story in the subsequent novels in this series.
One of the best books I've read all year I may be a guy, and this may be a chick flick book, with plenty of angst, but it's also one of the most hugely clever and fun books I've read in many years. A huge thumbs up.
Great Novel By Fern Michaels ! The Jury by Fern Michaels was released in 2006. A Sisterhood novel, this has lots of action,plot, and some violence. Fans of Fern Michaels will like this the most.
Great one Lisa Scottoline's done it again. Another book that you can't put down! I love the Bennie Risato stories that hold my interest and yet keep me in suspense enough so that I drop everything else in order to read.
Excellent Great book. A page turner. I really got involved with the characters. Loved it
These books were the start of my obsession with "good" vampires. Ahh Maggie Shayne. All those years ago, back when the imprint was Silhouette Shadows, Eric Marquand stole my heart. The first book I ever read to make a vampire the romantic lead, you kicked off a genre that has exploded and will not be stopped. Truly groundbreaking, I thank you so much for leading the way and clearing a path for more. If you haven't read these books, DO SO NOW! A human can only become a vampire if they contain a rare blood antigen, and each vampire has one human with the antigen (a chosen) whom they feel drawn to protect. A government agency, DPI (department of paranormal investigations), is out to capture and make lab rats out of every vampire possible and they're not above using The Chosen to do it. And if they can't capture, they don't hesitate to kill. With this series, you get a complete story of two characters in each book, but we still get to reacquaint ourselves with some of our favorites along the way. Having read these books as a teenager, I was hesitant to reread them as an adult. So many books that I loved back then fail to resonate with me now. Wings in the night did not disappoint and I was enthralled once again. I truly believe that without this series, we would have no Twilight, no Midnight Breed, and no Blackdagger Brotherhood. I'm not saying Wings In The Night inspired those books, I'm saying Wings In The Night created the genre and made it popular.
Setting up a series can be kinda boring sometimes but this was not Setting up a series can be kinda boring sometimes but this was not. Loving the main characters immediately made loving book series all the more easyFive Stars Good action good book
Enjoyable I unfortunately started this series with the most recent book and had to go back and start over. I truly do love this series. My only issue was feeling like there was too much unnecessary internal commentary between the 2 main characters - not that some of it wasn't needed but some of it was repetitive.
steamy The story line was pretty cool... trying to make it seem like a typical clashing of the cultures story, yet turning it around with a peaceful ending.
MR never disappoints..... This story is well thought out and catches your interest straight away. MRs writing style is so smooth that every story is a delight to read. Her characters are well developed and the H and h are so likeable. I hope we will get some more stories from her in the near future.
you gotta love these werewolf stories! This whole "instantly recognizing your mate" thing -- I TOTALLY LOVE THAT! And the eyes and teeth "shifting" when emotions run high, very cool!! If you like the genre, you'll like this: family, loyalty, friends, and of course love and romance -- what's not to like? Throw in some decent wolf action, and bam! you've got a story. What I particularly liked about this one is that the couple is decided really quickly at the beginning. There are plenty of stories out there where you've got no idea until 6 pages from the end if the couple's even going to work or not, if the two guys even feel the same way about each other or not. This story's not about that. It's more about how to work together to solve a big problem - the Alpha - and I enjoyed it.
Healing and Forgivness Borne out of Love! Superb, beautiful writing and story. I've not only read this novel but also taught it to students of all ages in high school. Can be taught on the simple plot or character line or studied in depth topically and as a study of writing style. Excellent and highly recommended!
Five Stars Can I give more stars for it please?
Five Stars The whole series is worth reading.!
Loved it Another great read. Ms Gardwood is one of my all time favorite authors. Excitement, drama, intrigue, everything you could possibly want
A beautifully sung song of self discovery... I'm really starting to consider Australian literature to be some of the best fiction I've had the pleasure of getting my hands on. I've already been able to delve into authors like Murray Bail and Elliot Perlman and now I've had the pleasure of reading a stunning novel, `Dirt Music', written by acclaimed Australian author Tim Winton. I must say this; after this read I surely will be researching his bibliography. `Dirt Music' takes place in a small fishing town in Western Australia (a fictitious town called White Point) where middle-aged Georgie Jutland is trying to find herself. She's always been a rebellious and free-spirited woman; at odds with her family constantly, never truly feeling as though she belonged anywhere. She's longed for a sense of freedom that everyone around her seems to take away, but she lacks the ability to make the needed effort to really save herself from her apparent failings. She lives with widower Jim Buckridge; a shell of a man who drowns himself in fishing and remains a distant and reclusive mystery to Georgie. She feels as though she loves him, but she struggles with understanding why. She cooks for him, she cleans his house and she takes care of his two sons, but at the end of the day she feels alone and cold. And then she meets Lu. The man known as Luther Fox comes with some serious baggage. A beautiful musician who comes from a dishonorable family; Fox has been reduced to a shamateur (fish poacher) due to some unspeakable tragedies in his life. Let's just say that he his the sole survivor to the Fox name. When Georgie spots Fox poaching late at night it is her obligation to inform her husband, a local fisherman. This is their way of living and this man is encroaching on that. Instead of playing informant she decides to play desperate housewife and starts up a heated affair that is far more than just a one-night stand type thing. No, it becomes apparent that both Lu and Georgie fill a void within one another; a void they've been trying to fill for a long time. The novel effortlessly paints these characters for us, giving us a realistic and authentic portrait of middle-aged despair and self-awareness. Winton's descriptive prose is littered with beautiful expressions of pure emotion and his languid delivery is a joy to read. My one critique, if I were to have any, would be that at times he expounds too much on areas that need little expansion. He goes to great lengths to flesh out each and every move these characters make, and the prose spans over a good length of time, and so some scenes could have been cut and some time could have been shortened to keep the pacing a little brisker in areas, but in the end it is a trivial complaint when you consider the richly rewarding entirety of the novel. I felt that the novel's ending was a tad premature (even if the novel spans nearly 500 pages), but it was not a disappointment in the least; it just felt a little too sudden for what I was expecting. Some novels take a full chapter to wind things down; this one almost feels like the ending is on a solitary page. It's still the best thing I've read in quite some time, and certainly a masterful example of pure storytelling at it's finest. I'd highly recommend this one. If you enjoy a good dramatic story, filled with love, loss and ample amounts of genuine (and realistic) tension then dive right in, for `Dirt Music' covers all those bases and then some.
Five Stars Amazing book!
Five Stars Love Max, always a fun twist
A good enough read, how much is true? As to the writing: it's reasonably well-written, though the constant use of cute alliterative phrases wears. But at the end I wondered, how much of this is true? Wikipedia doesn't have a definitive answer: "The authenticity of Abagnale's criminal exploits were questioned even before the publishing of Catch Me If You Can. In 1978, after Abagnale had been a featured speaker at an anti-crime seminar, a San Francisco Chronicle reporter looked into his assertions. Phone calls to banks, schools, hospitals and other institutions Abagnale mentioned turned up no evidence of his cons under the aliases he used. Abagnale's response was that 'Due to the embarrassment involved, I doubt if anyone would confirm the information.' "In 2002, Abagnale himself addressed the issue of his story's truthfulness rather vaguely with a statement posted on his company's website. The statement said in part 'I was interviewed by the co-writer only about four times. I believe he did a great job of telling the story, but he also over dramatized and exaggerated some of the story. That was his style and what the editor wanted. He always reminded me that he was just telling a story and not writing my biography.'" So I recommend the reader enjoy the story as historical fiction. Even if half his exploits in the book are true, it's still an astonishing tale of the expert con. More importantly to me, I can see how in everyday life--in the workplace, politicians, etc--the confidant talker always gets ahead of the shyer guy or gal who actually knows what the heck is going on. The USA at this time suffers from a crisis of leadership at all levels in all arenas, as we the people rush to follow the smooth talkers, ignoring the quiet facts.
always good You can't go wrong with an Argeneau book. The plot the characters all make you want to continue to read.
Five Stars exciting readingFive Stars exciting reading
Vaughn and I loved it. Will read more of his work My first book by Mr. Vaughn and I loved it. Will read more of his work.
NOT BABY FOOD This is real meat and potatoes! This will get you fired up like no other. It makes other motivational books I've read seem like baby food. Read it!
Really good read I found this entertaining, erotic and sexy. I liked seeing something other than humans destroying one another and working out fixes. I liked the magnetism between the male and female and that she wasn't brain washed to see him only as a savage.
Five Stars This is so good ~ it is in my reread section of the library
Enjoyed this book very much learned a lot about bees ... Enjoyed this book very much learned a lot about bees that I did not know before will read more of her books
Five Stars Love all her books.
Faye Kellerman's The Ritual Bath This book was a great read. The characters blended well and now I am wondering what is the next case for Decker. I enjoyed reading this because it taught me a bit about Jewish customs. Very interesting it kept me reading, there weren't any lulls.
Such Language! The most amazing thing about this amazing book is that it won the Pulitzer Prize. The prize that has been awarded to such American stylists as Saul Bellow, John Updike, and Marilynne Robinson, now given to a novel written in a language that few of them would recognize? Yet the Pulitzer was also awarded to Toni Morrison, who virtually invented her own language in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BELOVED/dp/1400033411/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BELOVED</a>, to Michael Chabon, who plunged deep into the world of American comics in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THE-AMAZING-ADVENTURES-OF-KAVALIER-AND-CLAY/dp/0312282990/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE AMAZING ADVENTURES OF KAVALIER AND CLAY</a>, to Jeffrey Eugenides, who channeled the teenage sexual confusion in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/MIDDLESEX/dp/0312427735/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">MIDDLESEX</a>, and to Oscar Hijuelos, who sang Spanish-inflected blues to his native Cuba in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THE-MAMBO-KINGS-PLAY-SONGS-OF-LOVE/dp/0060955457/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE MAMBO KINGS PLAY SONGS OF LOVE</a>. There are elements of all these things in OSCAR WAO, so perhaps the Pulitzer is not such a stretch after all, except that Junot Daz takes everything that much farther. For one thing, the book is interlarded throughout with Spanish words and phrases, resulting in exchanges like the following: --- She was very guapa, I said casually. --- Abuela snorted. Guapa soy yo. Your mother was a diosa. But so cabeza dura. When she was your age we never got along. --- I didn't know that, I said. --- She was cabeza dura and I was . . . exigente. At least this passage uses more or less normal Spanish, but elsewhere the language is regional, street slang, or as often as not obscene. Yet Daz combines it with English in such a way that you don't need to know what everything means in order to be swept away: --- She was one of those golden mulatas that French-speaking Caribbeans call chabines, that my boys call chicas de oro; she had snarled, apocalyptic hair, copper eyes, and was one whiteskinned relative away from jaba." Oscar de Len is the son of a Dominican refugee from the Trujillo regime, living in Paterson, New Jersey. A science fiction, Tolkien, and fantasy games addict, he is super-intelligent, grossly overweight, a total nerd, and completely incapable of fulfilling his dream of getting a girlfriend. The story is told partly by Oscar's onetime roommate Yunior (aka Daz), who has no such problems and who has an on-and-off relationship with Oscar's sister Lola, and partly by Lola herself. The present-day story in America alternates with chapters in the Dominican Republic from the forties through the sixties, which is a gangster nightmare stemming from the example of the psychopathic dictator himself. Daz changes voices like a ventriloquist, writing now like a teenage girl, now a street hoodlum, now plunging into noir like a Latino Dashiell Hammett, now compiling mock-erudite footnotes in the manner of David Foster Wallace. But always his writing is both an exhilaration and a challenge. Whether you will enjoy it or not depends upon your tolerance for Spanish slang and ubiquitous sexuality. The reward is getting to know a slice of history, a vibrant immigrant culture, and a hero who, for all his faults, still manages to arouse our sympathy.Family Roots Veronica, the eighth of the twelve Hegarty children, travels to England to collect the body of Liam, her immediately older brother, while the other surviving members of the family gather in Dublin for his funeral. But the title is misleading. What is being gathered together in this story is not primarily the various members of the Hegarty clan (although most of them make an appearance), but a rag-bag of childhood memories as Veronica struggles to make sense of her own life and Liam's in the context of family history. She makes this clear in the opening sentence: "I would like to write down what happened in my grandmother's house the summer I was eight or nine, but I am not sure if it really did happen." Or sort of clear; her doubts about the past are part of the point. I had a disturbing sense of dj vu on picking up the paperback, because the pier on the cover closely recalls another recent Man Booker winner, Graham Swift's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/LAST-ORDERS/dp/0679766626/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">LAST ORDERS</a>, which is also about a gathering of family and friends to solemnize a death. And that first sentence seems to invade the territory of John Banville, whose most recent Man Booker winner,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THE-SEA/dp/0307263118/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE SEA</a>, is also about recapturing the traumatic events of an Irish childhood. But I needn't have worried; Anne Enright's voice -- Veronica's voice -- is all her own: straightforward, witty, imaginative, yet bracingly honest, dwelling at one moment on skin and sweat, then cleansing it with gentle lyricism. Veronica's first-person narrative jumps around over four generations. The earliest passages tell how her grandmother Ada may have met her future husband; the latest ones extend some months beyond the funeral, and relate to her own family life with a college-lecturer husband and two daughters. Several things gradually become clear. First, that much of what Veronica narrates as fact may be misremembered, reconstructed, or the wholesale products of her imagination. Second, that her main concern is to trace the causes of her brother's failures, which we begin to recognize even through the glow of her fierce love for him. And third, that Veronica herself is also in trouble, struggling with a crisis in her own life and marriage, that only the act of writing may help her to resolve. Despite Veronica's problems and Liam's, this history of the Hegarty family is a counterpoint to the success story of Ireland during the past decades, as it has emerged from its backwater to become one of the leading engines of the new Europe. Veronica, who grew up sharing a bedroom with at least two other siblings, can now drive to an airport on a whim, present a credit card, and consider a flight halfway around the world. Anne Enright shares Penelope Lively's feeling for changing eras (as shown in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/MOON-TIGER/dp/0802135331/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">MOON TIGER</a>&nbsp;or&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/CONSEQUENCES/dp/B000YT9DGY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">CONSEQUENCES</a>), and equals her ability to take a relatively common story and render it far from ordinary through writing that pulses with life. And her technique of using chilhood memories to reflect a whole family history reminds me of Kate Atkinson's marvelous&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BEHIND-THE-SCENES-AT-THE-MUSEUM/dp/0312150601/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BEHIND THE SCENES AT THE MUSEUM</a>, my touchstone for such books. But Enright's style is very much her own, and her people are well worth knowing for their own sake. Meet them. [I have now read a number of the mostly-negative Amazon reviews. Yes, this is a non-linear narrative, but I found that exhilarating rather than difficult. Others might be disturbed by the unreliability of the reporting, but it leads to some marvelous effects, such as the set-piece description of the meeting of Ada Merriman and Lambert Nugent in chapter 3 that is turned on its head in the last few sentences. It also makes it less a history of events than a psychological portrait of the narrator, which is surely the main point. As for the obsession with sexual organs, especially male ones, I see this in retrospect as a meaningful reflection of Veronica's trauma -- but I admit to being irritated at the time by what I took as merely a regrettable quirk of Enright's style.]
great series Reading the whole series. Great story, lots of action and good character development. Thanks a ton to the author. I'm really glad the series is long. Looking forward to following Will on his journey into adulthood.
Who is Marx? I found an antique copy of this in a store and decided to bring it home and read it again. It is so hard to read or review a book like this objectively and cannot begin to. I will leave the content review to others. I suggest you read this book for its insight into history and the events of a very important time in world affairs. I promise you that this is not the book you think it is. Marx was a remarkable man and is not much read among his critics. Do yourself a favor and make this the year you discover this man and his thoughts. This is a good book to start with but do not end here.
Good Read Enjoyable reading, Held my interest, a great who done it. Had several possible suspects keeping interest piqued thoughtout the book. Faye and Jonathan Kellerman are smart authors.
Fabulous retelling of an obscure fairy tale! This is the best one in the series (I've read about 8 so far) and it is well written and interesting to read. It is a terrific fairy tale about Scheherazade (the original Russian spelling) who is remarkably mature and not annoying at all. Granted, I am an adult who occasionally likes to read books that are clearly too young for me, so it is likely that teenage heroines would sometimes be irritating, but I think The Storyteller's Daughter appeals to young women and adult women alike. Nicely done, Cameron Dokey. Thank you.
Fun read I was hesitant about this book because of the mythical "witches or fairy godmothers" part, but they are a very minor part that just serve to move along the plot. They could almost be cut out completely and it would still work. I enjoyed the characters, the plot kept moving along even when you thought it would end...overall I was better than I expected and very enjoyable.
Shayne at her best! I have read these books over and over thru the years. It's nice having them all together to read in this bundled set. Even the couple I never read before.
Captures the vibe of the typical Latin American family transplanted to the U.S. More than the story of Oscar --an obese, bullied, comic book-loving, fantasy role-playing nerd on a desperate mission to lose his virginity-- this is the story of a Dominican family's fuk: a potent curse said to have been cast on Oscar's grandfather Abelard by the Dominican dictator himself, Rafael Lenidas Trujillo. A fuk may affect generations, until someone along the line manages to find the right zafa to break the spell. In a combination of Spanglish, slang, and the occasional made-up expression, Junot Daz effectively captures the spirit and evolved identity of a transplanted Latin American family onto U.S. culture. It touches upon the struggle of a society affected by oppressive power, and the resilience and determination needed in their diaspora. As a native Hispanic, I wonder if and how non-Spanish speakers get to fully understand this book, because it's written not only in Spanish but in Spanish (untranslateable) slang. Also, as a native Hispanic, I was annoyed at the multiple grammatical and spelling errors in Spanish. Couldn't Diaz have found a bilingual editor? The book's chapters alternatively tell the story of Oscar and his immediate family members. Narrated by Yunior, Lola's on-again, off-again boyfriend, we learn of the De Len clan's woes and how fuk, inevitably, catches up with Oscar. From the title we are aware that Oscar will die, but that news does not lessen our sorrow because by then we are despairingly rooting for his success. Oscar's unquenchable thirst for love is heart-wrenching because it is snubbed by every female he encounters. "His affection --that gravitational mass of love, fear, longing, desire, and lust that he directed at any and every girl in the vicinity without regard to looks, age, or availability-- broke his heart [and ours] each and every day". His family members and their struggles also break our hearts in their own struggles to survive their personal hell. As for the dose of Dominican history included in the book, I am so curious about Trujillo now that I will follow with Julia Alvarez's "In the time of the butterflies" and Mario Vargas Llosa's "La fiesta del chivo". Intense!which made the book sound like it would offer a bunch of new-age pseudo-wisdom crap I almost didn't buy this book because of the author's flaky-sounding name, which made the book sound like it would offer a bunch of new-age pseudo-wisdom crap. I was pleasantly surprised to find it originally started out as a poem --and a beautiful one at that-- about love: the ache for profound, delicious love all of us have and seldom find, be it towards a lover, a friend, or even towards our own selves. It speaks candidly and courageously about stumbling through life, mistake after mistake, while all the time growing and learning and reaching (hopefully) for a wiser, happier, more intimate and more fulfilling life. I loved the question she posed to herself, hopefully to be answered positively at the end of one's life: Did I love well? After each stanza (or passage, since this poem is written in prose), Oriah explains what she means with stories from her own life. Then, at the end of each chapter, she offers a meditation to open our hearts to that particular blessing within ourselves. I enjoyed this book. It made me think and appreciate the love and beauty in my life.
Pretty erotic but not my cup of tea Pretty erotic but not my cup of tea. Was a fair read if that is the kind of reading one enjoys.
Great book! Keeps me on track with my dreams Great book! Keeps me on track with my dreams, not just the reality of what the world deals us as a hand.
I've wanted to read it for years; glad I finally did! A wondrous story of growing up, coping with pain life throws at you, and of the powerful relationships between women. I highly recommend it.
The Best Book in the Last 20 Years! Ah, this book is a breath of fresh air. There is just so much bad crap out there, this book reminded me of why I love reading -- because I like compelling personal stories that are raw, real and honest about what they are and are not. This story is funny, emotional and smart. What else is there in life??? She has another book, Miniplanner, that is good, but not as satisfying as this one. She needs to write more, and soon!
Five Stars One of me favorite authors. Love the Argeneau Vampire books.
A Good Read! Title: Tonight and Forever Author: Brenda Jackson Publisher: Arabesque Reviewed By: Arlena Dean Series: Madaris Family and Friends #1 Rating: 5 Review: "Tonight and Forever" by Brenda Jackson... What was this novel about: "After her marriage ends in bitter divorce, all Lorren Jacobs wants is to leave California behind. Returning to her roots in Texas seems to be just what the doctor ordered...until she meets real-life physician Justin Madaris. Lorren has vowed never to give her heart to another man, but she can't stop herself from responding to the handsome widower's sensuous whispers of love..." What I enjoyed from this read... The author did a beautiful job bringing us a romantic story of two people: Lorren Jacobs and Dr. Justin Madaris who both has some baggage that each would have to overcome before things started to happening good for them mentally, physically and even emotionally. "Tonight and Forever" was truly a good story of how these two found the true love that they both needed the second time around. The novel is definitely a attention grabber that will keep you reading and even wanting more at the end.
yet another great book Why do I always need to say something after eating these books. It's the 4th book in and we already know they are amazinggood book I have only one complaint... Why are these dang books so short. I can read a book a day which annoys me.
Sophisticated story, witty dialog I can see I am siding with the minority opinion again, but I really liked this book. Yes, there were some unanswered questions, and a few parts were confusing, but I think a book about magic is supposed to be that way. It is the realm of the unexplained, after all, so there is no clear need to explain everything. I enjoyed Rosalind's personality. She is very sensible and good-humored, even when dealing with trying circumstances. I loved the way she stood up to her step-mother-in-law, who was dreadful in a very satisfying way. You could tell she grew up among Sherbrookes. She had the Sherbrooke "voice". I'm not sure I understood if Rosalind was a debt, or if she was owed a debt, and it is not clear how Nicholas paid the debt to Rosalind, or if he paid it to someone else, or himself. It is very mysterious. I'm willing to accept that magic is mysterious, and if the book was written in a more straight-forward way, it would possibly be boring. Really, I had no complaint with any of that. I thought it was a real page turner, and I am looking forward to the sequel. (There will be a sequel, won't there? And all those questions we have will be answered later?)
Good, light reading This was a very enjoyable, light read. Whereas most vampire books feature the male as the strong vampire and the female as the weak human, this book reverses those roles. Lissianna is a physically strong vampire with a serious problem. Greg is an unsuspecting human who was kidnapped by Lissianna's mother. Sounds intriguing? Trust me, it is. Another stereotype that was debunked here was the myth that all vampire stories have to be dark and disturbed. This book was filled with comical moments and a slow building romance. It focused on family and friendships more than anything. It was nice to watch the interactions among the all the characters, not just the leads. I would love to read the next book in the series to see if the next book holds up to this one. Worth 3.75 stars
Flows like poetry Wonderful book, beautifully written
Literary Fiction for Lowbrows Like Me I'm usually a bit lowbrow for literary fiction, but Sue Monk Kidd grabbed me with Lily, a little girl with a big heart. Her story as well as her personality are riveting. I cared what happened to Lily as though she were a close relative. Also, kudos to Kidd who kept me tied up in a story that contained nary an ounce of romance.
Awesome! Her books go up and down for me. Some I think are better than others. This book was great! A quick read as I couldn't stop! Worth your while!
Just Laughter Just a fun read for a quick dose of laughter the Barbara way. She could always find a way to make us all laugh the best medicine.Funny This book is funny and just plain relaxing. I am glad I purchased it. Very light read! Awesome book to go with her others.
An original voice There's many things I like about this book, though I wonder how long it will stick with me. I also wonder whether anybody will be talking about Junot Diaz 10 years from now. I like the energy, exuberance even, of the language, harnessed to a truly original voice. The admixture of Spanish faithfully reflects the polyglot's tendency to use the best word to describe something, even if it means mixing languages. I like the portrayal of Dominican life, both in Santo Domingo and New Jersey. The collage of Dominican history, the vivid description of the Trujillo terror, the insider look at another culture are all enriching. I like the character of Oscar, his nerdiness, his life of comic books and video games. Diaz conveys all this with such authority that you feel like something of a nerd yourself reading it. There are some things I don't like. I don't think we get inside Oscar enough. The narrator(s) remain detached really, and we have only vague notions of what's going on inside Oscar. I don't like the author's glorification of the sexual prowess of Dominican men. For, make no mistake about it, while he seems to be making fun of it and couches many of his observations as ironic, there is more braggadocio here than satire. After all, the chief frustration of Oscar's brief life -- hardly wondrous -- is not getting laid, and this frustration arises in great part because of the unapologetic insistence of Yunior and everyone else in Oscar's life that this is the ultimate good in life. (Spoiler alert) So when we learn through a posthumous note that Oscar in fact does achieve this elusive goal -- in an impossibly contrived way -- we can indeed view his life now as wondrous. There is in fact so little in the book in terms of moral choice -- all the characters are carried along by forces beyond their control, above all the tiresome fuku -- that I suspect it is in fact a superficial novel, dazzling in the virtuosity of its language but not destined for a long shelf life. Yunior's priapism costs him the love of his life, but he seems to come to terms with it pretty easily. It's not so much that he learns any lessons or makes any choices, he just kind of runs out of energy after sowing his wild oats. Oscar is pathetic, not tragic. His life is not wondrous, but sad. The other characters remain largely ciphers in a fable.
Amazing! Get this book! It is an amazing read and you will not regret purchasing it. You will not be able to put it down once you do!
A brand new way to view vampires! I loved this book about the Argeneau Vampires. This was a new take of the average vampire story that I throughly enjoyed. I cannot wait to read about the rest of the family. Greg is brought in to cure Lissianna's phobia of blood, which is hard to have when you need it to survive.
I Loved Oscar - 4.5/5 stars The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao, was a very different kind of book for me. I enjoyed it very much, however, I found it very difficult as well. I attribute this to the fact that I had the audio version for this Pulitzer-Prize winner. There was a lot of use of Spanglish, and for someone without a Spanish background this was tough. The story itself was wonderful. Told through the eyes of various narrators, readers enter the frightening world of a Dominican Republic family living in New Jersey. The characters' lives are overflowing with injustices, unrequited love, lost opportunities, physical cruelties, and as one narrator points out, an ancient Dominican curse called Fuk. Oscar Wao, is a nice guy, who longs for love but he finds a lot of road blocks along the way: he's fat, a comic book, sci-fi, and fantasy nerd, and a loser. These undesirable characteristics diminish his chances of finding love. The love he so desperately craves, continues to elude him, and we witness the lengths Oscar is willing to endure just for the opportunity, however brief to feel love. Oscar is a poignant, painful, and lovable character who is in constant battle with his delusions. The female characters: Oscar's mother and sister, were very memorable as well. Their own brutal histories and sacrifices are heartbreaking. I highly recommend this luminous, and humorous book, however, I would recommend the print version as opposed to the audio version, simply because of the English/Spanish difficulty I had.
Four Stars Interesting but a little long winded
A wonderful book This book is a joy to read. It should be read in schools. Sue Kid writes beautifully. One can almost feel themselves in SC in 1964. The characters are well drawn. I did learn much about bees that I enjoyed.
Unique style, totally absorbing This is a uniquely written story and I loved how we saw through each of the characters eyes in the different sections of the book. I found it totally absorbing from start to finish.
Great as usual Never read about how they met. Interesting to Read details about how other people practice their religion. Ending a great wrist
Fighting Weight Loss This is a very helpful book for those who, like me, have tried about every diet possible and found them unsuccessful. The authors made the medical case for being insulin-Resistant and what we can do about it. I have only used this for a few weeks but I have seen an immediate help in reducing cravings during the day. I recommend this to those who have tried will power and lots of diets but have gotten no results.
first of a series of mysteries about Detective Decker and Rena Lazarus I have read several later books by this author and these characters, so it was nice to read this first book and get some background to their history. This is also a good mystery. You will also learn some more about Jewish culture.
Unusual romance premise This description is very good - pretty much tells you the entire story. This was quite an unusual one - you don't usually have an opium eater/drug addict as the hero of the story, but it worked here. Both are tortured souls seeking a happier life. This is by no means a cheerful book, but love triumphs at the end.
WOW,what a surprise!!! I NEVER would have thought about playing the real word against a powerful gaming computer. Great read with out any stop I the other books are a must read.
Good coverage! Good coverage and ad free!Up to date on current events! My son lives in Dublin and The Times keeps me abreast of current events in Ireland!
good series i really like this series, i ve read them all. this is 1st book, its slow in areas, but overall i liked it
Stone Cold Awesome Madison and Stone were destined to be together and from day one you could feel the heat and passion between the two of them. Brenda Jackson truly has a gift for words and always seems to know the recipe for success when it comes to her books.
Sudden Death This was a first time read for this author and sub-genre for me and I can honestly say that I really enjoyed it. I won't hesitate to pick up another book from Allison Brennan nor will I hesitate to read another cozy romantic mystery! I listened to the audio version and at first thought that it was a little awkward listening to the narrator, Ann Marie Lee, for the character that she was playing. However, once I got into listening to the story, it didn't seem to bother me, it just struck me as odd at first. I think the narrator did the story great justice. As for the characters, I felt like they were in depth and to the core. I was interested in reading about them and learning more about them as the story progressed. I felt like all the characters blended together nicely to create a great story. I thought that the storyline ran smoothly without any delay. I really enjoyed the romance with a serious mystery. The romance part was not overdone, but a perfect fit with the story just to give it that extra spice. I do think that it would have been nice to have received a little more background on the characters, but for the most part, the story was easy to follow. Overall, I enjoyed listening to this story, and will certainly continue reading with Allison Brennan in mind.
Greg I really enjoyed reading this story. It was wonderful and so interesting. I love these characters and this series. I can't wait for the next one.
Grim Tale of Instability and Revenge When Judge Victor Montgomery is murdered in a particularly gruesome way (think severed body part) the police suspect his seventeen-year-old stepdaughter, Emily. After all, blood was found in her bedroom and she apparently tried to kill herself with booze and pills. But Deputy District Attorney Julia Chandler doesn't believe her troubled niece would commit such a violent act. To prove Emily's innocence, she recruits PI Connor Kincaid who'd helped find Emily when she ran away from home three years earlier. Connor and Julia don't like each other, but they're the only people who truly want to help Emily. As their investigation proceeds, an attraction slowly grows between them. SEE NO EVIL is a good page-turner filled with plenty of twists and turns as the body count piles up. Allison Brennan's novel tells a disturbing story of unstable teens in near-hopeless situations, and what happens when manipulation, misunderstanding and revenge are added to the mix. Brennan does a great job of portraying not only good and evil characters, but the many shades of grey in between. She also steadily builds the suspense so that by the last hundred pages, I couldn't put the book down.
A real page turner! This was an excellent read. I just wish the author had been a bit more descriptive in what Blackwood went through overcoming his addiction. The story line was quite interesting and character development was good for such a short read. This could have definitely been a full length novel. I'll be looking for more stories by this author.
Again here i am again wondering what to say that would be good and not repeat myself I have always been a lamour fan and this man is close he has given us another fine example of his artAnother here we go again. Mr Vaughan has written another very good book. I recommend you read this book if you enjoy western writing. u
Fantastic Series At first I was disappointed that this was broken up into separate stories till I realized each story tied together with the same characters adding a new character each story. I absolutely loved this book.
Love Lori Foster put one of my favorite series in one. I already had the books in paperback but now i have them stored on my kindle. Plus rereading old friends was nice!
A great mystery A will written mystery with interesting will developed characters and a great fast moving story line. I would recommend this series to anyone who enjoys action mysteries. Enjoy reading
Great stories by one of the masters of the English language. What can I say? Here are all the stories by one of the greatest writers in the English language. Love them all.
Five Stars I really like this series, all the books have been page turners with a surprise at the end
I LOVE MY BUCKHORN BROTHERS!!! I love these guys! Can't say it enough! I bought the books individually, but this bundle is definitely the better way to go. Did I mention I love my Buckhorn Brothers??? :-)
Very interesting! Loved it! Gave me a better understanding of what it's like to have Schizophrenia. Very interesting.
Excellent! Highly recommend that anyone take the time to read this book. I just couldn't put it down. She owes me a couple hours of sleep but I would say it was time well spent because I feel that my soul was fed.
Great Audio book Great book keeps you guessing the entire book.Fantastic book Awesome book full of suspense and action.Great Audio book This is a great audio book. You will be on the edge of your seat the entire book.Great Audio book Action Packed
Never disappointed Love Maggie Shayne! This book has several stories in it and they all come together. Very good read. I recommend it.
Scourge from the East John A. Flanagan puts you right in the midst of the Mongol hoard as the battle axes swing their path to defend Skandia. Based loosely on historical fact the author no less succeeds in drawing you into battle. All subjects well defined, you feel their presence as you fight beside them for Skandia.
Mastermind I unfortunately didn't see the movie,but if the movie was half as good as the book I am certain that it was definitely a successful venture. A truly enjoyable read.
Easy to read up to date news Excellent value...Excellent read. Keep up to date with the AP Associated Press Blog. Really easy to read, very up to date and of course, non biased. Great way for busy people to keep in touch with the world.Quick news for busy day The best thing about the New York Times Latest news is how much information you get in a tiny format. I am able to grab my kindle and read an article or two in the few minutes of "down time" I have during my office hours. During lunch, in between clients, whatever the case, I can catch up on current events. The NY Times updates itself with new articles every few hours in an easy, kindle friendly version. Skip an article, read an article, find an article all easily navigateble in this kindle format newspaper. NY Times Latest News delivers....No gossip, no opinion, no slant. Well written, concise, factual. Every day, all day rain or shine.
Better than the first! Usually the sequel is worse than the first novel, but that was not the case. I found that I enjoyerd this one more than the previous one, but that doesn't mean Speak No Evil was bad. On the contrary. It was wonderful too! I loved the characters in this novel and I loved the dynamic between the killers. Although I do wish it hadn't ended on such a cliched note. Other than that, great book, great characters, and I would suggest this to anyone who didn't mind a little graphicness.
Took a special writer to capture the story in this book - a WOW read I liked this book, though the sex and language got old and worn out - I knew this was a story about poverty because there was no hope of improvement, just a downward spiral. It was also a fascinating political study of a horrid dictatorship and trying to survive and raise a family under those awful conditions. Also there is story about those who escaped still working on healing the generations of abuse - about those who have good fortune and those who do not. The power of the immigrant story, the success of the immigrant and the healing necessary from evil makes this a remarkable tale and worth the effort to read.
Five Stars Love the series.
This book was good but not as well developed as her other titles. I love Julie Garwood she is one of my favorite authors. I have read and re-read her books for years. This book was okay but just did not run together like her other stories. The characters and story line were good but the book seemed rushed. She spent more time on the relationship between the main male character and the guards then the heroine. I just didn't feel the relationship was as well developed as her other books. But overall I enjoyed this book.
Five Stars Great series; among my favorite authors -- never disappoints!
Another emotionally powerful love story by Ms. Reid ..... The Sheikh's Chosen Wife by Michelle Reid Harlequin Presents # 2254 - June 2002 Hot-Blooded Husbands ~ Book 1 of 4 Leona's scared witless when she and her father's business partner, Ethan are abducted. And then she's furious to discover that it's Sheikh Hassan ben Khalifa Al-Qadim, her estranged husband, who has kidnapped her. Hassan had reluctantly given Leona this year away but now there is unrest in the sheikhdom, and Leona is at risk. Releasing Ethan, Hassan keeps Leona on his yacht and makes her promise to return to him for the remaining months of his father's frail life. Leona knows that once Khalifa dies, Hassan must divorce her. She cannot give him the heir that he needs, and the other ruling families are eager for him to take a second wife. Hassan will not divorce Leona, as she is his other half but will he bow to the pressure and take another wife as is his right, or will he give up his right to be Crown Prince. Another emotionally powerful love story by Ms. Reid. Hassan's love for Leona runs deep and he will not give her up. Leona knows that he will lose everything if she stays and they do not have a child. Both Hassan and Leona are incredibly passionate characters whose love for one another wars with duty and responsibility. The secondary characters were richly developed as well. It was a pleasure to meet again Raschid and Evie from the The Mistress Bride and to meet Rafiq and Ethan who will have their own stories. Hassan and Leona's love story will remain with me for some time, and I'm sure I will be reading this one again and again. :D other books in this series .... A Passionate Marriage - Harlequin Presents # 2307 - March 2003 The Arabian Love-Child - Harlequin Presents # 2290 - December 2002 Ethan's Temptress Bride - Harlequin Presents # 2272 - September 2002
The Jury The Jury was an excellent book. I enjoy all of Fern Michaels books especially the Sisterhood series and the Godmother series.
Great A great happy ending, but an even better cliff hanger. This book was a perfect sequel to the previous one.Really good I liked that the bad guys were actually sort of good guys except Deparneiux but I think this book may have dwelled on Will's warmweed addiction for too long.
pure sassy fun I loved Waiting to Exhale -- this book is not as "deep" psychologically speaking, but it's a fun romp in Jamaica. No one gets inside the upper middle class black mind like MacMillan. She's not going for Shakespeare here, so give her a break -- this is a fun book to be enjoyed and savored. I think more readers should be happy that for once we have positive and strong black literary characters who are financial successes. I hope both black and white children will learn something from these books alone the lines of there are plenty of successful black women -- not all black people play basketball or deal drugs! The sexual plot is throughly enjoyable -- I think MacMillan must have had a ball writing this one. For an enjoyable read, pick it up!
Helps you believe in good triumphing over evil! Kylara Vatta is the only daughter in a family of sons. Rather than follow the path of successful insterstellar commerce that the family has built through generations, she chooses to attend her planet's Naval Academy. About to graduate near the top of her class, she instead is forced to resign in disgrace when a good deed done for an underclassman is used to embarrass the academy and the space force. This is a pattern for Ky, many of her good deeds - which are truly good, seem to be punished, rather than rewarded. The family decides that the media attention is unwanted and solves the problem by putting Ky in charge of one of the family's oldest ships. She is to captain the "Glennys Jones" on a final trading journey and then sell her for scrap. What Ky doesn't know is that this is a rite of passage that other family members, including her father, have gone through before her. Ky's father and uncle are betting that, like family members before her, she will find a way to "trade and profit" that will enable her to refit the ship, bring her up to standards, and save her from the scrap heap. The family instincts are correct. Ky is well on her way to turning a profit on tractors on an independent contract when she suddenly finds herself in the middle of a civil war. Her ship and crew are threatened, her intentions are misunderstood, and she finds herself forced by mercenaries involved in the civil war to take on passengers who turn out to be captains and senior crew from other civilian ships who happened to be in system when the war broke out. Ky now finds herself dealing with a mutiny that threatens her life, her ship, and her crew. The sabotage which threatens her life, ship, and crew, brings a discovery of resources she never know she had, including a mysterious ship model she was given as she left the Academy in disgrace. Trading in Danger by Elizabeth Moon is an easy-to-read, believable, fast- paced novel that helps you to believe that good can really and finally triumph over evil.A must read! Occasionally there is a novel that defies adequate description. Those are the novels where a reviewer can only attempt to whet the reader's appetite and then simply allow them to discover the richness that exists within. The Widow of the South by Robert Hicks is just such a book. Hicks has written a fictional account of the true story about the Civil War and Carrie Cradock. In Franklin, Tennessee, Carrie Cradock is mourning the loss of three of her children and is concerned about her husband's safety. The war is raging and Carrie and her slave, Mariah are left to run the plantation. Canton Plantation, Carrie's home, is turned into a field hospital. During a brutal battle 9,000 Americans died and many others were wounded. The dead were buried on a neighboring plantation. Several years later, when the dead soldiers were in danger of being plowed under by the plantation's owner, Carrie reburied many in her own personal cemetery where she carefully tended the graves. A wounded soldier, Zachariah Caldwell, is not of Carrie's class, yet he wakes in her feelings she didn't know she had. Their love for each other is not to be. And when they part, it is forever. But forever is not always the way life turns out. As an old woman, tending to her graves, the wounded soldier returns to ask a question. Hicks has written a compelling, poignant and touching story of a woman whose circumstances shapes the person she will become. The characters are richly drawn and the disaster of war so real, it is frightening. In The Widow of the South, Hicks recreated a tragedy of American History that should not be forgotten. Armchair Interviews says: The Widow of the South is a must read that will leave you breathless.Wow! Olivia St. Martin lives daily with the knowledge that as a young child she was unable to prevent the abduction and murder of her older sister, Missy. She has only the small satisfaction that her testimony resulted in the murderer's imprisonment. Olivia is the director of the Trace Evidence and Materials Analysis division of the FBI in Virginia. When she learns that DNA evidence proves that Brian Hall did not murder Missy, Olivia is determined to find the truth. Her investigation reveals that a serial killer has been on the loose for years. He surfaced in New York several years after Missy's murder and then appeared in Kansas, Atlanta, Nashville and other cities. His twenty-nine victims in thirty-four years were all blonde females between the ages of 9 and 12. Olivia's boss refuses to involve the agency so she travels on her own to Washington State where two of the recent murders occurred. In Washington she joins Seattle Police Detective Zack Travis' investigation. They begin to work closely together to hunt the killer--and become romantically involved. Time is running out and Olivia struggles to solve the case and prevent more murders. Allison Brennan does murder better than almost everyone writing in the romantic suspense genre does. She writes scintillating thrillers that keep you turning the pages until you breathlessly reach the conclusion. And then you want more. She is becoming one of my favorite authors. Armchair Interviews says: For other exciting thrillers by Allison Brennan, read The Prey and The Hunt.From word one to the cliffhanger, it is a great read Australian author Flanagan originally wrote this series to encourage his twelve-year-old son to love reading. The Ruins of Gorlan is Book One, and The Burning Bridge is Book Two. The setting is vaguely medieval Europe, with interesting details of battle, weapons, and character. Rangers are a branch of service to the King of Araluen, skilled at woodcraft and longbow, and many people think they have a command of magic. Halt is a skilled Ranger, one of the best. He can disappear into a tree (or give that impression) and can fire a fatal arrow in seconds, even through the eye slit in a knight's visor. His apprentice, Will, and the young girl Evanlyn have escaped unscathed from a terrible battle, only to be caught by a raiding party of Skandians led by Jarl Erak. Halt is not allowed to go after them, so he arranges for the King to banish him for treasonous comments made in public, and he and the young knight Horace set off to Gallica, to find Will. The chapters alternate between the stories of Will and Evanlyn as prisoners with the Skandians, and Horace and Halt on their trip through Gallica. Halt is old and very wise. He is able to teach the young knight Horace a thing or two about strategy and honor on their travels. Will is able to help Evanlyn during the short sojourn on the island of Skorghijl, waiting out the winter storms with the raiding party, and also keep up his spirits and fitness. But when they return to Jarl Erak's home of Hallasholm, Evanlyn is made a house slave, and Will becomes a yard slave, toiling in terrible cold until he becomes addicted to warmweed, and forgets who he is. Jarl Erak respects Will's bravery and skill, and hates to see him addicted and treated so poorly. He decides to help Will and Evanlyn try to escape. This adventurous series is designed with cliffhangers at the end. You will definitely want to read the coming books. Book Four is coming out in March of 2008 - I can hardly wait. Armchair Interviews says: Wonderful young adult book for all to enjoy.
Four Stars Read by Gumnami baba
Loved it. I liked that there was several cases that the sisterhood thought of. I liked reading of the cases I have read about in the other books. Needless to say after reading several books out of order I went back to find the ones I missed. Now I am reading them in order and loving every minute.
Sunday edition only... I am particularly partial to the "Book Review" section. I read the KINDLE edition so I'm not awash in newspaper advertising etc. It gets me up to speed on the news... at least what they want to tell us... on a weekly basis.when I REALLY want to know! I live in a town adjacent a 'medium' sized city in Massachusetts. The local newspapers leave a lot to be desired. When I REALLY want to know what is going on... I read "The Globe" ... It gives me what I want to know in a timely manner.GOOD FOR WHAT IS DOING IN WASHINGTON This was a one-time cursory look. If one is interested only in what is going on in Washington and what is dished to the regular press, this is good to read.A view from the 'other side of the pond" I read the Sunday edition only. It gives me insights into what is going on in Europe - and how they perceive us. I have friends there, and have been to the UK several times... so it is more than a passing interest.Just the occasional look-see It isn't something I would normally look for... I was tracking a 'hurricane' in the Atlantic headed for the UK and thought I would find more if there was a spectacular 'landing' in Ireland.
Five Stars This was super weird but beautifully written.
What I've been waiting for I have relied on BBC for many years for international news coverage. I have, however, longed for the more in-depth coverage that can be represented in an excellent newspaper. As I live in a rural area such newspapers have been prohibitively expensive and untimely. The International Herald Tribune solves all these problems with well-selected news and well-written editorials.
Solid argument weakened by partisanship It disappoints me that I can not be more enthusiastic about "Men In Black." Though I consider myself a conservative, I find that Mark Levin goes beyond conservativism into partisanship. This is regrettable because Levin does succeed in explaining, particularly to lay audience, the history of the Supreme Court and its rightful place in American government, which are subjects that most people don't understand. The mechanics of the court system are not, for most people, comprehensible, much less exciting. Here, Levin provides solid scholarship accessible to the average person. Levin does well in explaining and demonstrating how the Supreme Court - and all levels of our courts - have strayed from the intent of the Founders and established themselves as an unelected government superior in their own minds to the legislative and executive branches of government. There can be no doubt of the accuracy of Levin's argument. The problem of "Men In Blsck" lies in Levin's adoption of certain cases and movements as evidence. For example, Levin chastises the Court for holding that burning the American flag is protected under the First Amendment. Well, I consider myself a conservative - and I agree with the Court. There are simply some issues that resonable people can disagree on, but Levin doesn't seem to allow that latitude. This is regrettable, because generally Levin's arguments are strong. Likewise, Levin allows himself to get wrapped up in Roe v. Wade and the entire abortion issue. There are many people, like myself, who believe that the legal reasoning in Row v. Wade is lacking, if not entirely non-existent. Yet it is possible at the same time for even conservatives to believe the ultimate holding is correct. In fact, I know that I am not alone in believing that abortion does constitute the taking of a human life, but that government has absolutely no right to dictate what a woman may do with regard to her own body. In other words, Roe v. Wade is simply not a good way to illustrate the truth of Levin's theme that "the Supreme Court is destroying America." It is: but Roe v. Wade is not likely to get the majority of people to agree with that premise. As I said, I wish I could offer "Men In Black" higher praise, but I think Levin picked the wrong way to illustrate by choosing polarizing examples. There are numerous other Supreme Court decisions he could have used that would have brought home the point that courts in general need to be reined in and brought under the control of the people, as the Founders intended. Jerry
Erotic Romance Move over Fifty Shades of Gray. Nikita Black is hear. This was a very hot read. Nikita worte ina way that was tasty and fun. We all need a little dirt in our lives. Check out her other books.
Entertaining! I really enjoyed this book. It keeps me very entertained. I can't put any of the books from this series down.
Sexy, intriguing, and overall exciting to read... A Quick Bite by Lynsay Sands introduces me to the Argeneau Vampire series. This first book, gives me everything I want in a romance novel plus some. Interesting characters both immortal and mortal alike. The main protagonists have challenges ahead of them that were fun to follow. I am hooked. Smart yet caring vampire meets sexy human psychologist. The twists and turns kept me turning the pages. I am in love. I cannot wait to read the next book in this series as well as the rest. Overall, I recommend this paranormal romance to all readers. I received this copy from the publisher. This is my voluntary review.
Great Read This book is a great read and I will definitely read other books from this author. Well written and moves well. A little romance and a little fun all in one.
I love it just as promised.
Excellent! I was a bit surprised when I found out that these books were written "in the near past" but they pulled me in and took me for a good ride. Just enough explanation for a non-military person but not too much that I was put off by it. I have enjoyed the SEALs Sub Strike series and highly recommend them.
where's the friggin' "don't care to review" button? where's the friggin' "don't care to review" button?where's the friggin' "don't care to review" button? where's the friggin' "don't care to review" button?
Bite me Argeneau vampires, loads of fun. I do love a good vampire story and this one fit the bill. Another author I wish I'd found years ago. Fantasy is a wonderful thing no matter what your age. Enjoy.
The Flim-Flam Man Frank Abagnale was a youngster who learned at a very early age, crime DOES pay -- for awhile. Frank had the uncanny ability to swindle just about anybody he met. He created his own background numerous times by becoming a TWA pilot, a doctor and a lawyer. Through his life he swindled millions of dollars by passing both bad check and bad payroll checks to unsuspecting banks. He even went as far as recruiting a small flock of young ladies into believing they were trainee stewardesses and having them pass the bad checks on his behalf. Frank was eventually caught and held in a French prison which was hell. He was eventually turned over to the Swedish courts which, according to him, kept him fat, dumb and happy until he was released to the U.S. There he served more time and then became a special assistant to the FBI for fraud. This is an amazing story. Fiction couldn't make it any more sensationalized.
Wonderfully different There are vampire stories all over the place. I loved these vampires, Maggie Shayne' s vampires are more human ever so much nicer than most humans. This is 6 love stories, five are intertwined together. One has a big surprise and one is for now I am guessing a stand alone. Loved all six stores a very delightful read.
Shadow Music ( Highland Lairds Book 3) This is another great book, written by a true artist. Her words paint pictures, that the readers can see. You don't read books written by her, you live them vividly, through her words. I have yet to read a book written by Julie Garwood, just once. They are definitely, repeat reads. Each and every one of them. I think she is incapable of writing a bad book. If you see a book by her, grab it.
Excellent! Although written as fiction, the story itself is true. The research required to write was well done. This book should be in everyone's collection. These two women were extraordinary! I honestly don't know how they did what they did, but so many families are grateful to her for her and her dear friend's hard work. Civil War enthusiasts should definitely read this. It's worth every penny and more.
... read all of her books about Blossom Street and loved every minute of all of them I've read all of her books about Blossom Street and loved every minute of all of them.
Really enjoyed the series Oldies, but goodies. You forget how mysteries use to read. Really enjoyed the series.
Classic Scary Tales Dark, spooky, collections of nightmarish fantasy.
A true marine hero. Very informative and in-depth. Has many surprises about the man that is a Marine hero.
A Great Start to a Great Series! I have been reading Elizabeth Moon's military SF ever since I discovered Once a Hero by her some years ago. If there is any criticism I have, it is that the male characters in her books are strictly spear-carriers and are never dominant players in the story. Overall though, this is an excellent book.
Short Stories by Raymond Chandler If you've read one or more of Raymond Chandler's novels, the stories collected under the title The Simple Art of Murder are pretty much what you'd expect, for which I am grateful. I don't know that Chandler ever used the term noir fiction to characterize his work, but I'm a fan of the noir genre, as I understand it, and Chandler was one of the first to produce novels and short stories that merit the noir designation. Whether in novels like The Big Sleep or Farewell, My Lovely, or stories such as those included in The Simple Art of Murder, the noir world, truth be told, is much like our own. Hypocrisy, duplicity, vanity, ruthless self-seeking, official corruption, and cruelty, with or without a purpose, are the stuff of which the noir context is made. Genuine decency, unselfish kindness, generosity, and untainted love are hard to find and commonly devalued as just so much softness. Chandler's noir protagonists understand all this, and they accept it grudgingly, knowingly, ironically, and often tempered with more alcohol than most of us could handle. None of Chandler's protagonists, whether his signature character Phillip Marlowe or one of the lesser lights who stand in for Marlowe in some of his stories, has an iron-clad claim to sainthood. They're sharp dressing chain-smokers who, whatever their unhealthy habits, are well put together, at ease with women, and know how to handle themselves in tough situations. Nevertheless, while Chandler's protagonists, all detectives of one kind or another, are not clean-living do-gooders, they are imbued with a fundamental integrity, a moral sense that enables them to live as imperfect people in a pretty rotten world without needlessly hurting anyone for fun and profit. They value humaneness, good-heartedness, and unselfishness when they find these qualities, and they have a keen but understated appreciation for people who are decent and kind. They can distinguish the usurious malefactors from ordinary folks who have stumbled into trouble and don't know how to get out, and they are inclined to give the latter sort a break, even if it means giving a pass to someone who in a formal-legal sense is guilty of a crime. Lesser characters than a Chandler protagonist would not develop friendly feelings for a guy like Henry Eichelberger, forthcoming thief that he is. Whether they go by the name Phillip Marlowe, Johnny Dalmas, Walter Gage, or Pete Anglich, the foregoing is a reasonable typification of Chandler's protagonists. This may lead some to surmise that Chandler's stories are pretty much the same. However, while the noir fictional form and the ideal-typical noir protagonist are Chandler's stock in trade, his novels and stories are enormously varied. Readers of The Simple Art of Murder will learn that murder, whether or not it's really simple, takes many forms, committed by a broad range of people for a wide variety of reasons using methods that, in some creative instances, I'm pretty sure that no one but Chandler ever thought of. Chandler, moreover, is a master of detail. His vivid and informed descriptions of people, clothing, furniture, public buildings, flower gardens, tropical fish, homes of the rich and hovels of the poor are beyond the capabilities of most authors, whatever their genre. On occasion I think that Chandler gives us more detail than we really need, and it may be presented in a vaguely formulaic manner. However, his ability to so completely and persuasively describe the physical settings of noir fiction adds interest and realism to his stories. Chandler, without question, was as intelligent and cultivated as authors of more prestigious genres. Chandler graphically describes the lives and locations of characters from the broad spectrum of social levels in ways that suggest that what he couldn't get through conventional means, from books, he got through planned and unplanned first-hand encounters. One doesn't get as knowledgeable as Chandler without, from time to time, playing the role of ethnographer of noir. In truth, Chandler was a literary intellectual of the best sort. How many other authors appreciate "sustaining E above high C for an almost incredible period of time," especially when it comes out of a trumpet blown by a guy they know to be dissipated, self-absorbed, and an abuser of unsuspecting and vulnerable women? How many other authors would know how to remove white fungus from the frayed fin of a gold fish without harming the fish? How many could call to mind the geographical uniqueness of Puget Sound. These are among the countless observations that Chandler works into his stories to give his characters substance and realism. I agree that there are times when the flurry of details is so dense that we may temporarily lose the thread of the story, especially since the stories are often complex. Nevertheless, on balance, Chandler's determination to show us the richly particularized world in which his noir fiction is set contributes substantially to its interest and enables the reader to better understand what is going on. At the outset, I was inclined to think of the stories in The Simple Art of Murder as exercises that Chandler used to prepare for writing his Phillip Marlowe novels. However, each of the stories stands alone, complete and distinctive, and in my experience they deserve to be read one at a time, then allowed to sink in before going to the next one. However, you take them, we see Raymond Chandler at work, producing high quality noir with intellectual integrity and a particularly insightful take on the human condition. It's not pretty or uplifting, but we can always count on his protagonists, cynical but not thoroughly jaded, to show us something worth caring about.Descriptively Accurate But Unduly Sanguine Marx and Engels wrote The Communist Manifesto in 1848 at the request of the Communist League, a secret association of workers driven underground by political oppression aimed at preventing concerted revolutionary activity against bourgeois regimes throughout Europe. The Manifesto was written to provide a theoretical foundation and a practical program for the advancement of international communism and eventual elimination of bourgeois domination of property-less wage laborers. The title of the document, simple and purely descriptive though it is, is commonly regarded as inflammatory, arousing derision, disdain, and virulent hostility among many, including those whom it was written to benefit. Nevertheless, there is much in the Manifesto, especially in the first chapter, that with the aid of hindsight could have been written by a contemporary neo-conservative intellectual, someone like Harvard sociologist Daniel Bell. Specifically, Marx and Engels begin with a tribute to the unparalleled productive capacity of the capitalist organization of production. They freely laud the technological innovations fostered by capitalists' pursuit of surplus value, a process that has dramatically transformed the forces of production and the social relations of production. The result has been rapidly expanding output of industrial and agricultural goods of all kinds. In accomplishing this, capital has extended its markets beyond national borders, creating a world market and a world economy. Raw materials from Latin America, Africa, and Asia are routinely used to manufacture finished goods in England, Germany, and other European countries. The same manufactured goods may then be sold in the very places that supplied the raw materials. All this, Marx and Engels observe, requires concentration of vast numbers of people in swollen industrial cities. Small manufacturers and family farms are swallowed up by larger enterprises with which they have neither the capital nor productive capacity to compete. Marx and Engels find it particularly noteworthy that men like Thomas Jefferson had envisioned America as a land of independent yeoman farmers with small land holdings, but the concentration of agriculture was rendering this vision obsolete. As we get farther into this brief document, Daniel Bell, the other neo-conservatives, and people generally may take angry exception to its tone and substance. Concentration of resources in capital-intensive enterprises, Marx and Engels argue, reduces the vast majority of people to the degraded status of wage labor, workers who own nothing but their labor power. It is in the interests of the bourgeoisie -- of capital -- to pay workers as little as possible, increasing surplus value by buying labor power for no more than its natural price, the amount needed to survive and reproduce. The culture of workers is nothing more than a brutalizing culture of production, lacking in scope and richness due to the pitifully small part that each worker plays in the overall production process. Families of working people are men, women, and children who labor for the natural price and have little time, energy or emotional sustenance to offer each other, having been wrung dry by capital's conditions of employment. The more productive the worker, the more he or she strengthens the hand of capital. However, capital's immense productive power and its success in keeping wage rates abysmally low are not an unmixed blessing for the bourgeoisie. Periodic over-production crises wreck havoc with national and international markets, undercutting profits and threatening the commanding position of capital. As a timely example, the U.S. economy is currently approximating an over-production crisis: unemployment is high, wages are low and falling, capital has roughly two and a half trillion dollars to invest, but in the absence of demand the bourgeoisie has become risk averse, and money is not being invested in productive endeavors. The long-term solution to all this, for Marx and Engels, is elimination of bourgeois property and the property relations that capitalism has created. This is not to say that private property must altogether disappear, but private property as capital, as that which creates a two-class system of exploitation of labor by the bourgeoisie, certainly must cease to exist. Marx and Engels were entirely too sanguine about the eventual joining together of members of the working class to present a united front in their conflict with capital. They realized that there were ethnic, racial, religious, national, linguistic, occupational, and other barriers that would be difficult to overcome, but I doubt they expected the workers of the world to be as fractionated as is currently the case. If Marx and Engels were alive today, they might take the view that things would have to get much worse for labor before a revolution becames possible. If you're not inclined to read the Manifesto, just read the introductory remarks by Vladimir Posner, once a member of the Communist Party of the USSR. Posner spent much of his childhood and adolescence in the West, and his insights into the appeal of communist ideals and the failure of the USSR to develop communism as Marx and Engels sketchily envisioned it are extremely interesting. Posner is no apologist for anything, just an honest and intelligent journalist whose idealism is genuine but far from boundless or excessive.
A departure from the norm - a breath of fresh air In this period novel, Shreve so adeptly transports us to the world of academia, staying true to the time and place through dialogue and descriptions. The main character had me alternatively feeling sorry for him, disliking him, pitying him, rooting for him, and not knowing what to think about him. Most of the time, however, I wanted desperately to find a way to free his wife of the yoke she had taken upon herself. What a talent to lead us through such an array of emotions! Interesting characters and plot - and, as usual, one doesn't want to put this book down. I was so thankful for the satisfying ending. This is one of Shreve's best and, for me, stands side-by-side with my all-time favorite, "Fortune's Rocks".
"It is a story about a great city and a little city and a land of dreams, and always, above all, a story about fire." Set at the turn of the twentieth century in New York City, Dreamland captures the dreams of its immigrant populations and the realities of life in the factories and tenements, the hopes of its marginalized residents and the pathos of their lives, the power of police and politicians and the venality of their public commitments. The nascent union movement, the Tammany Hall "fixers," and corrupt police exist side by side with the arrival of Freud and Jung on a college speaking tour, the excitements promised by carney barkers in the fanciful "cities" at Coney Island, and the growth of young love. Filled to the brim with historical detail which brings the city to brutal, and sometimes grotesque, life, the novel focuses primarily on four characters: Gyp the Blood, a young thug who exists on the margins of organized crime; Kid Twist, a young stowaway who arrives from Europe seeking a better life; Trick the Dwarf, who often impersonates a child in his scams; and Esther Abramowitz, a young woman who supports her studious rabbi father by working twelve to fourteen hours a day as a seamstress at the doomed Triangle Shirtwaist Factory. As Esther works, becomes a committed union member, and falls in love with Kid, we see the plight of women who must fulfill family responsibilities at enormous costs to themselves, and as we come to know her family, we see the various paths taken by its members as they carve out a place in life. Her relationship with one of the city's many prostitutes illustrates the desperation of some women who are on their own, and how close she herself is to the dividing line between them. Kid Twist, though more thoughtful, is not far from the brutal Gyp in his efforts to control his life, and Trick the Dwarf, while yearning for a "normal" relationship, scrabbles about among the city's lowlife trying to find a place in the world. Baker is a master of odd details from the period, filling the novel with wide-ranging historical background and developing his characters just enough to make the plot seem plausible, despite its remarkable coincidences, and its sense of melodrama. The picture of humanity here is dark, with many scenes designed to shock. The mob's delight in torture, the factory owners' abuse of workers, the brutality of protection rackets, the sudden devastating fires, and the bleakness of everyday life are sustained for almost seven hundred jam-packed pages. Told in lively prose which never flags, and filled with crisp dialogue (and dialect), the novel's dozens of action scenes create an indelible picture of the turn of the century when life was cheap. n Mary Whipple <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Strivers-Row/dp/B000MGAI1S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Strivers Row</a> <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Paradise-Alley-A-Novel/dp/B00029ZWLQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Paradise Alley : A Novel</a> <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sometimes-You-See-It-Coming-A-Novel/dp/0060535970/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sometimes You See It Coming: A Novel</a> <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Biography-Baker-Kevin-Breen-1958-An-article-from-Contemporary-Authors-Online/dp/B0007SGRP2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Biography - Baker, Kevin (Breen) (1958-): An article from: Contemporary Authors Online</a>Fascinating, challenging, rewarding. Axel Vander tells us from the opening of this sensitive and tension-filled study of identity that he is not who he says he is. A respected scholar and professor at a California college, Vander is recognized for his thoughtful philosophical papers and books, especially on the nature of identity. Just before he leaves for a conference on Nietzsche in Turin, however, he receives a letter from a young woman in Antwerp, questioning his own identity and asking to meet with him. As the novel unfolds, we come to know more about the "real" Axel Vander and more about his mysterious correspondent, the emotionally disturbed Cass Cleave. Like Banville's narrators in other novels, the elderly Axel Vander of Shroud is unreliable and often dishonest, self-concerned but not self-aware. Consummately venal, he blithely takes advantage of whatever circumstances arise. Cass Cleave, the daughter of Alexander Cleave, the narrator of Banville's previous novel, Eclipse, has visions and seizures, and Vander regards her as mad, but she and Vander develop a relationship of almost religious significance. He is depraved and amoral, and she is a sick, avenging angel. In Turin, where she joins Axel, Cass sees religious symbolism in common events, finding an ordinary breakfast a form of communion. Artworks, especially crucifixion scenes by artists from the various settings in which the novel takes place (Cranach, Bosch, Memling, and Van Eyck in the Low Countries; and Tintoretto, Mantegna, and Bellini in Italy) further develop the symbolism. Always present in the background, of course, is the Shroud of Turin, which may be the real burial cloth of Jesus--or may not be. Parallels and contrasts between Vander and Jesus abound. Banville's novel is intense, highly compressed in its development of overlapping themes, and filled with suspense, both real and intellectual. Every plot detail expands his themes of identity and selfhood, and our desire to be remembered after our deaths. Banville's prose is exquisite, creating mystery by introducing details at a snail's pace, conveying attitude, and acutely observing sensuous details and physical reactions. He juxtaposes unlikely events from different times to convey information, providing voluptuous descriptions which contain both an idea and its antithesis simultaneously. This is a challenging and fascinating novel, beautifully crafted and rewarding on every level. Mary WhippleAxel Vander, "a virtuoso of the lie." Axel Vander tells us from the opening of this sensitive and tension-filled study of identity that he is not who he says he is. A respected scholar and professor at a California college, Vander is recognized for his thoughtful philosophical papers and books, especially his ironically entitled The Alias as Salient Fact: The Nominative Case in the Quest for Identity. Just before he leaves for a conference on Nietzsche in Turin, however, he receives a letter from a young woman in Antwerp, questioning his own identity and asking to meet with him. As the novel unfolds, we come to know more about the "real" Axel Vander and more about his mysterious correspondent, the emotionally disturbed Cass Cleave. Like Banville's narrators in other novels, the elderly Axel Vander of Shroud is unreliable and often dishonest, self-concerned but not self-aware. Consummately venal (though beautifully realized), he is a character who blithely takes advantage of whatever circumstances arise, with no concern for the consequences, except to himself. Cass Cleave, the daughter of Alexander Cleave, the narrator of Banville's previous novel, Eclipse, has visions and seizures, and Vander regards her as mad, but she and Vander develop a relationship of almost religious significance. He is a depraved and amoral old man living a life of personal un-truth, while she is a sick, avenging angel, striving to connect the disjunctions in her life so that she can become an integrated, whole person. In Turin, where she joins Axel, Cass sees religious symbolism in common events, finding an ordinary breakfast a form of communion. Artworks, especially crucifixion scenes by artists from the various settings in which the novel takes place (Cranach, Bosch, Memling, and Van Eyck in the Low Countries; and Tintoretto, Mantegna, and Bellini in Italy) further develop the symbolism. Always present in the background, of course, is the Shroud of Turin, which may be the real burial cloth of Jesus--or may not be. Parallels and contrasts between Vander and Jesus abound. Banville's novel is intense, highly compressed in its development of overlapping themes, and filled with suspense, both real and intellectual. Every plot detail expands his themes of identity and selfhood, the relationships we create with the outside world, and our desire to be remembered after our deaths. Banville's prose is exquisite, creating mystery by introducing details at a snail's pace, conveying attitude, and acutely observing sensuous details and physical reactions. He juxtaposes unlikely events from different times to convey information, providing voluptuous descriptions which contain both an idea and its antithesis simultaneously. Major surprises occur in the final five pages, not inserted as literary tricks, but generated naturally out of the action and interactions. This is a challenging and fascinating novel, beautifully crafted and rewarding on every level. Mary Whipple
It is time to stop judicial subversion of the Constitution Mark Levin, who worked in the justice department of the Regan administration, does a real service for us by reviewing not only a few of the colorful men and women who have served on the court, but also the evolution of judicial review and the way politics has superceded the Constitution in many of the Court's decisions. The fact is that we have a written Constitution and a process for changing the Constitution to prevent the kind of power grab the courts have made in recent decades. Yet, because of the abdication of the legislative branch and, to a lesser extent, the executive, the courts today reign and rule. For more than a generation the public has been mis-educated about the facts and meaning of Marbury v. Madison. It is time to insist on a public discourse on these matters in order to put the role of the courts into a proper perspective. This may seem like a change, since everyone living has been taught that the courts have the final say in our government. This was not so prior to the mid-twentieth century and was never the intent of our Founders. Once we see the Justices and judges for what they are and compare that to what they are supposed to be, we can begin removing the powers they should never have had. We need to expend unceasing energy placing them back into their proper role and requiring them to uphold the oath each of them took to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. The author rightly focuses on current debates, only going back in history to provide context. If Mr. Levin had included all the abuses of the Judiciary, the book would have had to be presented in multiple volumes. He discusses the current debate in U.S. Courts about using opinions from FOREIGN courts and policies from NGOs in deciding cases. This is so absurd that it is hard to take seriously how frightening and dangerous this trend really is. This book helps every reader understand the reality and threat of this very clearly. Mr. Levin also takes us through the follies and convolutions of judiciary thought on the continuing banishment of God from public discourse through judicial fiat, the manufacturing of privacy rights (only sometimes) to support abortion, the torturing of the 14th amendment in order to support (selective) reverse discrimination, providing rights for non-citizens and terrorists. He recounts only some of the more egregious social policies legislated by a judiciary that sees itself as more socially advanced than the insufferable populace and their state legislatures. Remember, this is all much less about whether or not this or that policy is correct or not, or needed or not. It is about the way the policy is being implemented, legislated, imposed by judges. That was never their intended or rightful role in our government. Our government is certainly amenable to change. However, it is change brought about by persuasion of our fellow Citizens and mutually changing the laws. Not by some small number of beings who deign impose their enlightened and more evolved views on us the benighted. That is the very tyranny we threw off to claim our freedom. We need to remember that and reorder our government to its proper balance. I particularly liked Mr. Levin's clear and forceful discussion of the curtailing of our first amendment free speech rights by our legislature (to protect incumbents) with the support of laughable court decisions. Well, laughable if they weren't so tragic to the health of our public discourse. We do need a broad public discourse on this and continue to demand of our legislatures that they honor their oath to protect and defend the entire constitution. They should not only reign in their own political use of the judiciary to get what they failed to win at the ballot box, but they should be aggressive in putting the entire judiciary back in its place. Newt Gingrich's "Winning the Future" has a great discussion of this process as well. If you want to read a more complete treatment of Judicial Review - Judicial Supremacy, I encourage you to read "The People Themselves" which provides a complete and scholarly, yet very readable, discussion of this vital topic. Please, read this book and talk about it with everyone you know. And don't be afraid to write your state and US representatives in order to make your views known on this most important issue.Strategies for using ALL your strengths to move ahead This book is written in a very casual style and very liberally sprinkled with quotes from a fairly large selection of the hundreds of women interviewed. It is easy to read and very thought provoking. While many of the ideas and strategies seem like common sense, a few of the strategies are ideas that women (and mean) can benefit from employing no matter what their career and salary level. I enjoyed this book and gained a lot of insight. One of the strategies that especially caught my eye, called "The Trap", was given the motto "bite off more than you can chew, but not so much you choke." This idea involved stretching yourself but not too thin and also emphasized that some women can be too hard on themselves, extremely impatient or overly meticulous. This dealt with taking some risk and possibly get in over your head and not realizing you need to cut yourself some slack and instead pushing even harder until you snap. The author used many interviewees comments and experiences as well as her known to clearly illustrate both the danger and the handling of "The Trap". The bottom line of these strategies is that it is not what type of career you pick (all different fields from musicians and artists to CEO were represented), what company you work for (or not), what your education or your background is, but how you use your mental, emotional, physical and spiritual strengths and improve them by following the laid out strategies that will determine whether you can be a "six-figure woman" or man.
Brutally radical Im reading the Manifesto in 2018, and even in the context of the failed communist experiments around the world in the last century, the ideas of Marx and Engels appear aggressively radical, even for our days. One can only imagine the shocking paradigm-changing tone of the Manifesto in the early days. Although today they seem just easily laughable and nave, the genius of Marx, transcends through a formidable understanding of the history of economic sociology. He failed to see, though, that humans are evolved to be voracious and such nature is the key element of progress an at the same time, the main obstacle for the deployment of his pro-proletarian call.
Obama's favorite book The book is filled with theory based on an idea of utopian life on eartg. The idea of a perfect society is great but all attempts have failed or are failing. Even China is moving towards capitalism.Lincoln in his words I downloaded a lot of books about Abraham Lincoln and learned many things not in my school text books. Did you know that he never chopped down his father's cherry tree and in fact he didn't even like cherrys? Most were free and its a price that is impossible to best.
better than doing without I use my Kindle to read the Journal when traveling. Sure beats trying spending my time trying to find someplace that sells it. I often travel places where it can't be found at all, like Mexico and even rural US, so the Kindle solves that problem. Not comparable to holding the physical paper in my hands, but sure better than not getting it at all.
A Good One This book kept my interest. It also gave an insight into the life of some Jews. The plot kept you reading. Well done!
A good "Extra Bible" for your religious library Each version of the Bible can give you different insights into the Bible. Don't buy this Bible for the translation itself. Buy it for the commentary. If your Biblical library is like mine, you have some regular Bibles (no commentary) and some Bibles with commentaries. Each of them have advantages. And do get yourself one of those "Reading Plans" so that you can plan to read the entire Bible every few years.
An old story told well I am looking forward to reading the next Hawke story. Vaughan is an amazing addition to my reading. I recommend this author and his books.
So good! Thoroughly engrossing, highly entertaining & very interesting. Unique characters in a unique world. Couldn't put it down. Lots of fascinating bits of information along the way as well. I had forgotten what a good read a Kellerman book is! Looking forward to reading the next one. In the meantime, I will savor this one & you will too.
Easy read and great formula The formula is easy to follow, just doing it.
A Meandering Look at the Battle of Franklin This novel's premise intrigued me because I live close to Franklin, Tennessee, and have learned a good deal about the Battle of Franklin in recent years. McGavock is a well-known name around Nashville, which added to my interest. I eagerly picked this book up and dived in, prepared to meet the main characters and learn more about the battle and its aftermath, and previous reviews made the book that much more appealing. However, as I read, I found myself disappointed in the actual retelling of the battle itself; I was hoping for more action and deeper characterizations. The plot meanders between points of view and Carrie McGavock's motivations are particularly difficult to understand. On a personal level, I could delve into her darkness of depression over the loss of her children, but since it was a common occurrence in the mid 1800s, I found it a bit over-the-top. Her feelings for Zachariah are not in character and are never believable. Mariah is a strong character who never achieves her own voice and a few of the side stories seem forced as well. The novel finally achieves its goals in the last 100 pages as the focus for Carrie becomes clear and her determination shows. Hicks has a wonderful way with words but he needs to show the why of his characters rather than letting them stew in their own juices for much of the story. Overall this is a good book, but not as compelling as I'd hoped.
for the soldier at heart these me were real soldiers. veterans who knew how to fight.
An amazing series. I discovered and read this series a few years ago, and now I am reading it with my nine-year-old son who absolutely loves it as well! I recommend this series to readers of all ages. The book has a historical / fantasy feel, but is really timeless, and is filled with excitement, action, and adventure. I highly recommend this book, especially to reluctant readers. I have a feeling they'd find something in this series to love too!Another great Ranger's Apprentice book! I read this series a few years ago, and decided to share it with my son, who is only nine. (I have read to him every night since he was born, and whether it had anything to do with it or not, he has a genius level IQ. Now we read together! I highly recommend reading to your child every night!) He and myself, have thoroughly enjoyed the Ranger's Apprentice series, and particularly, The Icebound Land. We highly recommend this series for fantasy and historical fiction fans of all ages. Now, on to the next book!!!
A quick and interesting read Catch Me If You Can is an interesting story documenting a five year crime stint like no other. He was the ultimate con man with balls of steel and he impersonated a pilot, a doctor, a teacher - while bilking banks out of millions of dollars. Having seen the movie, the book is quite different...as is often the case. However, it kept me engaged and was a very worthwhile read.
Five Stars It was great
Sherlock Holmes: The Complete Novels and Stories: Volumes I and II Volume 1 of the Sherlock Holmes series is absolutely great for introducing the great detective Sherlock Homes and his companion, Dr. Watson, who has accompanied Holmes in many of his adventures. Volume 2 includes all different types of mysteries, like murder, crime, blackmail, and other bloodthirsty mysteries. It's thrilling to read, and I recommend it to anyone who loves mysteries. These books will definitely make you want to buy them all. Well worth the time.
Five Stars People should read this book, some things remind me of what is happening in the U.S.A. now.
Another well-crafted and enjoyable military SF novel from this author I was quite tickled to discover this book in a BookBub list of bargains. I've read and liked a number of Moon's military SF novels. I just this moment, while writing this review, noticed that Trading in Danger is the first of a series -- and I'll make haste to track down the second! Once again, Moon gives us an underestimated female protagonist who discovers herself to be tough and resourceful. It may be something of a formula for her, but she does it very well, and I don't mind it. The plot clicks along at a good pace, and the minor characters are sufficiently varied. This book's main character, Ky Vatta, may have a bit more to learn, a more significant failing to overcome, than some of Moon's comparable characters -- and that's just fine.
Redemption People seek a bolt hole, somewhere to avoid facing their demons, White Point and northwards. White Point easily White Pointer, the people of the town have been savaged emotionally and physically. The writing transported me to the islands with Lu, I felt the sunburn, the chaffing sand, the sticky eyes, the glare, the joy of fresh water and of playing with sharks, his healing as he gradually moves from a drone to a rhythm.
Good Read for Middle School Book is very well written but a little slow on the story line. Since it is the third book of a series, already knew the characters but was a little disappointed in the ending. Still a good book for your middle grade child. Good story line.
Five Stars Wonderful way to read the Post!
Five Stars received
Levin has great insight toward the SCOTUS Levin has great insight toward the SCOTUS. The reader cannot go wrong in exploring this book; the foundation of the work is based on solid research.
Wings in the Night part 1 I love Maggie Shanes books and this was a delight to read. I've read some of them before but I love how she's talking about the Chosen and more about vampires that is new. Like how they feel pain so intensely which makes sense as other senses are more enhanced. Look forward to reading part 2.
Four Stars A good old read!Three Stars I wanted to read it again...the work of a mad man!
A Must Read for Vampire Lovers! I absolutely love Maggie Shayne's books. I love how the stories stand alone but also tie together to reveal a wider world. This collection does not disappoint. Through the volume, the reader gets to follow the lives of multiple vampire couples as they try to secure their place in their world, find true love and stay out of the clutches of an evil government agency that is hell bent on destroying them. Great binge reading material!
attached to the characters I became attached to the characters. I liked the series for the most part. I only had 2 complaints. The characters kept saying that they weren't monsters, that they are the same people they were before immortality (which I agree). However, the author kept calling it the dark gift. I didn't like that. It's either that they're good people just different or they are dark monsters. You can't be both. The other thing, I'm not sure how to put into words, but the author kept going on and on about the characters thoughts. For example, Jamison thought he disgusted Angelica. He kept going on and on and on and on and on and on and on (it's getting annoying isn't it?). Yeah! I ended up skipping sections when the characters did this. I got the point the 1st 2 times they explained their thoughts and feelings. For the most part, I liked the series. Just these 2 points bothered me.
Harlequin Presents are better than I remember I have to confess its has been a long time since I read any Harlequin Presents, but I happen to see "The Sheikh's Chosen Wife" by Michelle Reid and decided to buy it. I am so happy that I did. This was a great story with strong characters facing modern problems. The writing was great and the passion between the main characters was very believible. Can't wait to read more from Michelle Reid.
An important work of historical significance Beloved by many, reviled by many more, from a literary standpoint it is amazing that a book 150+ years old probably evokes stronger emotions now than when it was first published. Of course, reading the Manifesto now, it is nearly impossible to separate this small ideological work from the historical events before, during, and after the Cold War that indelibly etched people's impressions of "Communism" into their minds. Adherents of Communism protest that the regimes in the USSR and China under Stalin and Mao were not truly "communist" (and they are likely correct in their protestation), but the reality is that for most people born and raised on this side of the Iron Curtain, the communist ideology of Marx and Engels became inseparable from the communism-in-practice of self-identified communists like Mao, Kim, Castro, and Stalin. All became the "face" of Commumism for many, whether rightfully or not. Today, the Manifesto is still a shocking document. Full of pessimism about the old order and hope for a new one, the reader cannot help but be absorbed by the text from the first mention of the "spectre of Communism" haunting Europe to the final cry for the working man to cast off his chains and unite. There is passion, youthfulness, and idealism behind the words; an urgency captured by an appeal more to the heart than to the mind. After all, this is an intendedly propagandist piece for mobilizing the working class: Marx and Engels probably figured, what proletarian has time to read and digest the vast tome of Das Kapital? Put into its historical context, however, perhaps it should not be so shocking that a work like the Manifesto emerged given the circumstances. A series of revolutions and restorations marked the violent death throes of feudalism, which did not go quietly into the night. Seeing the end of a political, economic, and social order that had reigned supreme over Europe for centuries, it should not be surprising that Marx did not place much faith in the permanence of the status quo, nor did he underestimate the power of insurrection. It should not be all that surprising that class struggle and the oppression of the working class should capture Marx's attention either, for we only need to read the works of history or the fiction of his contemporaries to know that the gap between the "haves" and have-nots" in the beginning of the industrial age was quite extreme. This is clear, whether one is reading the Manifesto or Oliver Twist. Social issues of poverty, illiteracy, poor health care, etc. makes the plight of the exploited understandably dire and immediate. It is no wonder that Marx expected capitalism as he knew it to sow the seeds of its own ruin. But what happened was not the collapse of capitalism, but its evolution. The fact that modern readers are as horrified by the conditions described by Dickens as Marx was speaks to the fact that capitalism and social progress are not mutually exclusive phenomena. The reality is that just as "pure" Communism has never been practiced, neither has "pure" Capitalism. Remembering that Adam Smith was as much moral philosopher as (political) economist, this is not so surprising. Indeed, it is interesting that of the ten policies clearly articulated by Marx in the Manifesto, a number of them (progressive taxation, strong central banks, free education, etc.) are in practice in capitalist societies around the world today. Some have argued that this simply represents the adoption of Marxist ideas into capitalism, but let's remember that Adam Smith advocated a progressive tax long before Karl Marx did. What's more important is the fact that disparate theories can apparently support strikingly similar policies. For me, I think it's important to recognize that all systems of social organization have their warts, and that all systems can learn something from the others: no single ideology has a monopoly on good ideas. My intent is not to get into a discussion of the relative merits of capitalism versus communism, because others have already done so much more elegantly and persuasively than I. My final point to make is that I believe the Communist Manifesto is a book that should be read, regardless of where you stand on the political and economic spectrum. It is a book of importance given its immense influence on subsequent historical events. It is also a valuable reminder that the economic, political, and social spheres are very much interrelated in their evolution. A diversity of opinions can only serve to improve the status quo, and it is my hope that readers can approach the Manifesto with an objective mind for critical analysis of its merits and its flaws.
Boba Fett at work Boba Fett: A Practical Man by Karen Traviss is a short story that gives the reader an excellent idea of the mindset of the famed bounty hunter. Fett is, of course, a familiar figure to all Star Wars fans, and it is interesting to read a story that concentrates primarily on him. Plus, Karen Traviss had been an excellent writer for Star Wars for quite some time until the two parties went their separate ways. The plot of the story is based on a seemingly normal contract for a job that Boba Fett accepts with a mysterious client. Fett and his team are hired to start a small war. However, the war turns out to be the beginning of an invasion by the Yuuzhan Vong. Boba quickly realizes that they are supporting the wrong side, that success by the alien Yuuzhan Vong will probably mean the end of the Mandalorian culture and lots of other cultures. So, the practical man is in a quandary. Does he honor the contract he agreed to or does he do what he can to subvert the efforts of the aliens? One further problem is that he may have to work with a Jedi agent if he decides to resist the invaders. The Yuuzhan Vong are an incredibly dangerous foe and make for some extremely entertaining reading. Ms Traviss has always seemed to be fascinated with Mandalorians. Her books are riddled with their language, and she has delved into their culture at great length. On the other hand, she has not seemed to be a big fan of the Jedi. This story gives her an opportunity to branch out and basically just focus on Boba Fett. This story was published as an e-book and may be readers' introduction to the Yuuzhon Vong or people may run across the aliens for the first time in Vector Prime. Either way works fine to give the reader exposure to some serious bad guys. Boba Fett: A Practical Man is an excellent story in the New Jedi Order and is well worth reading.
Great read Love theses books and charactersGreat I love the characters in this series and eachonebuilds on the last but could still be read alone.
Five Stars LOVED IT
good Wonderful book, with good information. Will recommend this site to all my friends and family. Great job Amazon. Thank you for your site.
I truly liked this book despite the fact that many in my book club did not. The Gathering by Anne Enright A short review There has been a death in the family. Veronica's brother, Liam drowned himself in the sea and now Veronica must collect the body from England and simultaneously hold herself together. As the family of nine siblings comes together to say goodbye to their brother in the family home in Ireland, Veronica must guard her deepest secret while she is coming apart at the seams. She fears her memories have warped and corrupted her and possibly Liam. Enright has created an unreliable and creative narrator in Veronica. While reading it, several times I found myself confused and thought this book is crazy and it doesn't make sense, until I figured out that Veronica was verging on major mental illness and trying to make sense out of a past that didn't make sense at all. By golly, I got it. The lightbulb in my brain went off. Enright is pure genius. My book club did not agree and many just skimmed while I perused the book. Maybe it's because I related to the main character, Veronica and saw myself in her crisis that the book held meaning for me. I'm frankly not sure. I liked (not loved, but truly liked) the book and thats all I can say. You must read it and decide for yourself. Go on now. Give it a go. The Gathering won the Man Booker Prize in 2007.
Elizabeth Moon keeps on with good works The characters are vivid, the plot thickens, the story line flows. I seem to fall for all of Ms. Moon's stories!
Gail Shadow Music is a wonderful story. Full of Gerard, mystery,hate ,suspension and lost gold. Very funny and very sad in places.
Enjoyable but cheesy paranormal romance How do you help your 200 year old immortal daughter with hemaphobia? You kidnap a psychologist that specialises in phobias, of course. Not only does Lissianna's mother Marguerite do that, she ties Dr Greg Hewitt to Lissianna's bed and wraps a red ribbon around his neck, because you know packaging is everything. Lissianna however thinks he is dinner and has a quick bite - hence the name of the book - before the family intervenes. I'm going to talk about the world building initially rather than the characters as I think the concept was pretty unique. Vampires actually originated from the technologically advanced, ancient Atlantis. They combined nanotechnology with bioengineering. These nanos which live inside their bodies require blood to keep the vampires in optimum condition. Vampires aren't allergic to the sun but it does mean the nanos have to work a bit harder to repair them and need more blood. It kept sparking memories of the epic science fiction show "Red Dwarf" which featured recalcitrant nanos. Fearful of discovery, vampires no longer feed "off the hoof" but instead use blood banks to survive. Lissianna however is hemophobic which means she needs to either be fed blood intravenously or find victims she can feed off directly. Lissianna tries to combine her interest in social work with finding food and so works at a local shelter. She is affected by the blood she drinks so consuming the blood of a drunk or ill person affects her negatively. While the interactions between Lissianna and Greg were fun, they were not really deep and meaningful. I thought that Greg was far too calm and rational when he found out that vampires were real and got on the `vampires are cool' bandwagon way too fast. For a psychologist he is fairly shallow - when he's tied to a bed in a strange house with a bladder that is about to burst he thinks that it would be great to be a sex slave for someone like Lissianna. Come on. Despite this, I loved the fact that life mates were unable to read each other's minds or control each other. This offered the chance for a true partnership rather than having one dominate over the other. The secondary characters, or should I say cast of thousands were really distracting. Even with the best will in the world, I couldn't differentiate between the HEA fodder. Introducing all of them at once seemed a bit of a clumsy move even though I can understand that some characters were needed to assure Greg that Lissianna was sweet and really needed his help. The interactions between the secondary characters lacked some maturity. A pyjama for people over the age of 200 just seemed bizarre and for no purpose other than to allow the females to strut around in their rainbow of baby-doll lingerie. The villain of the piece was no better constructed as he basically had a neon sign pointing to him, yet Lissianna and the others were completely flummoxed. This book is fun even though plot is uncomplicated and the outcome predictable. It is light, cheesy and delicious in small quantities.
As good as ever! I hadn't read F Kellerman in many years, about 20. I read Hangman a month ago and thought, why did I stop reading her work? So I started from the beginning, again. This book kept me coming back again and again. The characters are believable and interesting. And to see the characters relationship build and grow is awesome. However, the who done it aspect is what draws me to her books. This time I won't forget.
Great story I enjoyed reading this story and the last two books. It was exciting Romanians full of action. The characters also amused me throughout all 3 books!
Characters developing more and more Even after being published for a few years, the Ranger's Apprentice series is still getting good reviews. At the time of my review I see 67 5-Star or 4-Star reviews. Nothing below that. I can believe it. I just finished reading the 4th book in this series and I was very impressed. Somehow John writes a story for young adults but does not sugar-coat it, and makes it very readable for adults like me (over 50+ yrs). The characters are well developed and the author makes sure each character has his or her fair share of "prime time". By not sugar-coating the story, I mean this story features many fighting scenes, and a well detailed battle. People fight and die on both sides of the battle. Remember the A-Team TV show? Bullets zipping all over the place, explosions, and cars crashing and flipping over and yet, no one ever died! Not even hurt too bad. Talk about watered down violence! John manages to walk a fine line here, he does not write the battle scenes too easy or too gory. I am very much a Die Hard type of reader/movie viewer, but I am very much in the storyline and characters of the Ranger's Apprentice. I would love to see a movie version of this series.Chapter 3 in a 10-Chapter really LONG novel. Let me tell you, I enjoy reading the Ranger's Apprentice stories. I have read the first 3 and plan to read them all. The Icebound Land continues the story started back in Book 1. The events there lead to Book 2 which left us readers hanging on for Book 3 and this book continues the trend of moving the story along. It just doesn't feel like a complete story, and a reader would be hard pressed to jump in at this point. Will did not do much but get hooked on a weed drug and poor Evanlyn had to carry the load (h'mm, isn't the title of the series "The Ranger's Apprentice"?). oh well, I am getting to like Halt more and more and I have to hand to the author for the way he portrays Horace (as brave and bold instead of crying and wining all the time). I understand it is a series, but it is like I am reading "chapters" in a really long novel (over 2,000 pages when all the books are counted).
A Different Kind Of Love Story Professor Nicholas Van Tassel, now in his later years is traveling on a train heading from New England to Florida to attend his sister's funeral. On the trip, he writes his memoirs, beginning in 1899, when he rescued Etna Bliss and her niece in a hotel fire. Through his writings, you'll discover how his love for her turned into an obsession and the price he was willing to pay to be with her. With all the books I need to read, I opted for the audio download of this book. The narrator, Dennis Boutsikaris, was as asset to the story. He sounded just as I'd imagine Nicholas Van Tassel would.Book Ten of the Bride Series Fans of Catherine Coulter's the Bride series will enjoy the return of the Sherbrooke family. This was my first book by this author. So, I didn't discover this tidbit of information until after I read this book. I really don't like to read a book that's built on characters of previous books I haven't read, but didn't feel I was missing anything with WIZARD'S DAUGHTER. Rosalind de la Fontaine isn't her real name. She doesn't know it nor does she remember her past. Ryder Sherbrooke finds her when she is around eight. No one is certain that was her age. She was severely beaten and it was a miracle she lived. Ryder and Sophia Sherbrooke took her in and raise her as a relative. Her first season in London, she meets and marries Nicholas Vail. What neither of them are aware of is both have within them very powerful magic. You see, both are descendants of wizards. The answer to their past unfolds like a mystery. Both have an important mission to carry out. So much is wrong with this book, yet I stayed with it until the end. Even though the dialogue was off and the author didn't convince me the time period was 1835 London, I loved the characters and the mystery behind them. It was a painful page-turner, because some of those passages were painful to read. Yet, I couldn't stop if I wanted to. Will I pick up another book by this author? Sure! I'd like to read her FBI series before deciding on whether or not to continue on.Book Four of the Ranger's Apprentice Series Will and Evanlyn have escaped the Skandians, and are passing their time in a cottage until the thaw comes. But one day while out checking the snares, Evanlyn is kidnapped. It is up to Will to save her, but because he was under the effects of warmweed, his skills are rusty. He soon finds out that it's the Temujai who have kidnapped Evanlyn. Halt and Horace also find the same Temujai. They also find Will and the three of them rescue Evanlyn. But there is a bigger problem now. The Temujai are one of the most powerful armies in the world. At one time they almost conquered Skandia, but because their leader died, they had to retreat. This time though, there is nothing stopping them from conquering Skandia, except two rangers. THE BATTLE FOR SKANDIA is the fourth book in the Ranger's Apprentice series. This is, in my opinion, the best out of the Ranger's Apprentice series. My eyes were glued to the book the whole way through. (Review by Jimmy, my middle son.)Book Three of the Ranger's Apprentice Series In the last book, Will and Evanlyn are captured by Skandians and are on their way to Skandia. They encounter trouble with another captain, and even with their new master Erka protecting them, things become really complicated. When they reach Skandia, Will is put to work on the paddle, the most dangerous and grueling job for a slave. Evanlyn needs to rescue Will and herself if they are to survive. After Will and Evanlyn are captured, Halt and Horace both set out to rescue them. They meet their fair share of trouble, including being captured by Deparnieux, an evil knight. They must hurry to find Will and Evanlyn, before it is too late. THE ICEBOUND LAND is the third book in the Ranger's Apprentice series. Once more this is a fantastic book. It had some funny parts and many exciting ones. (Review by Jimmy, my middle son.)
Excellent Guide for Being Transformed by the Holy Spirit Dr. Stanley has written an excellent book encouraging readers to not be content with a self-satisfied life and instead be transformed by God's Holy Spirit and be used for His glory. The book contains 18 chapters and are almost equally divided into three main areas: 1. Looking Up (A personal journey into the Spirit-filled life) 2. Looking Within (The ministries of the Holy Spirit in the believer) 3. Looking Ahead (The Holy Spirit's role in decision-making) Stanley's underlying point throughout the book is that the believer can only experience a totally joy-filled life when truly under the leadership and authority of the Holy Spirit. Read, enjoy, and be challenged!
Awesome! I have recommended to everyone I know who ... I have lost 22 pounds in 6 weeks by using the recipes in this book and following the guidelines. Awesome! I have recommended to everyone I know who is trying to lose some weight. It works!
Good book, great recipes I read everything I can get my hands on regarding the Mediterranean lifestyle. This book is well written, although, if you have read other books on the subject, there is not a lot of new information. For me, the real value in the book is the recipes. I try to eat this way and I am always looking for sources of recipes. The recipes here are interesting and good
Great novel on the fulfillment of family patterns and the weight of history This book took a while to engage me as a reader: the chief protagonist is an obese youth who cannot get laid and loses himself in modern American scifi-fantasy junk. Not the most easily empathized with character, to say the least. But by the end, he and his family's history are totally sympathetic. After one failed attempt to read it, I picked it up again and became utterly enthralled with the story. Somehow, it suddenly clicked and I was unable to put it down. This is one of the BEST novels I have read in years. The plot revolves around what is taken as a family curse, a circle of destruction and difficult survival. There are mythical beings that appear, but it is not magical realism at all. They are part of the imagery passed from one generation to the next is some mysterious way, appearing at crucial moments of danger. Call it what you want: a curse, destiny, psychology, genetic determinism, but all the characters conform to the circle, working it out in their own ways. The history starts with a terrible tragedy in the Dominican Republic, the kind of thing that takes place under dictators. It is so vivid that I found it painful to read, yet fascinating as several dear friends of mine from the past are Dominican. I learned a lot of history from the novel - where they came from and what their particular dictatorship was like. From there, the survivors remain caught in history's web, either acting out the same pattern or consciously attempting to live a life that negates it. Everyone that follows the tragedy is a bit player, perhaps escaping at the very end of the third generation. I do not want to reveal anything here as a spoiler, but to give my interpretation. What makes the novel such a success is that you really believe in all the characters, see their motivations and limitations as real and inexorable, and understand the island's history (a universal story, really). It is pathetic, sad, funny, and occasionally uplifting. Genuinely a stunning performance, a real work of art. An added treat is the experimental manner in which it is written: peppered with SPanish words - I kept a dictionary on hand, not that it helped that much given how much dialect patois was in it - and full of allusions to scifi, comics, and role-play games. (Being something of a nerd myself, I got about half of the references to Dune, Lord of the Rings, Marvel COmics, Octavia Butler, and Star Trek.) The author creates a quirky language that resonates with life. Warmly recommended. This is the work of a true original.
with caution I like this book i reed it in one night, it had a lot surprises in it. I hope she/he write anything book to this one with remi bro and the guy rhty.
Four Stars Romantic comedy, a guilty pleasure read for people that want to be distracted from day to day seriousness.
Deja Vu When I saw the title, I knew I had to get the book - a ritual bath is such an unusual custom outside the Jewish community. I was original exposed to the word in Israel some 40 years ago when during an excavation we discovered a mikvah and now I had a chance to read about that custom in a thriller no less. I enjoyed the characters, their religious devotion and in a sense obscurity in the US, but had trouble with the many Hebrew words or sentences (all in italics for some reason). The ending was certainly not surprising but the romantic in me liked the solution (almost Jewish too) suggested by their Rabbi
Another great book in the series Another great book in the series. If you've made it this far, keep going. It only gets better and better!Book 3 delivers as expected. It's another great book. Each book just brings me deeper and deeper into this world, and I love every minute of it.
The Kill - Allison Brennan Allison Brennan is great, I think I have read all of her books now. The trilogies are great. You feel so connected to the characters. Her books catch my interest from page 1 & the suspense/romance keeps me reading. Hard to put the book down.
If you are an Elizabeth Moon fan, you'll love this book And since I AM an Elizabeth Moon fan, I definitely loved it. I've since read the rest of the series and loved all of them as well. Even though I read it a few years ago, this one lingers in my mind. I often think of the opening scene of this novel. I highly recommend the entire series.
Fun read !! I am so glad I stepped outside my comfort zone with this one. Historical romance isn't usually my genre of choice. Thrilled I was given the opportunity to read this 5 star ARC. Storyline is entertaining and fun. Packed with unique characters and themes. The writing was free of excess detail and "fill in" material. I felt accurate portrayal of lifestyles, environments, dialogue, and era. I feel like a warning is needed.. you may have lots of emotions. Characters are so well written you feel like your next to them. It isn't always a positive feeling either. I had moments of complete anger. There may be moments of questioning to a character's behavior, action, event, etc..just remember your reading fiction. Everything isn't going to be perfect or exact. I am so looking forward to any other books I can find with this author's name. I highly recommend this quick read. AndreaGAH (less)
The Greek Billionaire's Baby Revenge Great book. Second book of Jennie Lucas that I have read, and I have liked them both. This book has all the greats, romance,fights, turmoil, and then the love. The author is great I can't wait to find more of hers!
Hard to put down. Hard to put down. Things never seem to go exactly as planned so you can't outguess the author and can't wait to learn what's going to happen next. The younger son had previously had to grow up fast and act like a man. In this story he is acting more his actual age and can be somewhat annoying in his immaturity. But I guess I have to be annoyed with men in general who turn totally stupid in the presence of a pretty woman. Thank goodness for the men with experience and brains in the family. Mr. Shaye sure does a good job of raising boys - gun toting rep. or not.
Finally Liss and Gregs Story A Quick Bite by Lynsay Sands fits right in with the other wickedly delightful tales of the Argeneau family. Lissianna Argeneau finds a hot and sexy man tied to her bed. At first she thinks he is a light snack for her but he is really there as a present from her mom. Seems her mom thinks he can treat her phobia. Poor Liss faints at the sight of blood, which is a problem for a Vampire. Dr. Greg Hewitt is well known for treating phobias. He can't believe he went willingly into a car trunk and let himself be tied to a bed. He is more then intrigued by the beautiful woman who walks into the room. Greg is flabbergasted as he puts all the facts together and realizes Vampires are holding him. Lissianna and Greg have an unconventional romance. Plus it seems that someone is after Liss. As Greg and Liss dig deeper into the strange happenings they find a love for all eternity. A Quick Bite is treasure. The family connections are a treat to watch. It was great to go back see how Greg and Lissianna met and fell in love. I have enjoyed all Sands Vampires books. I hope that Thomas gets his story soon.
Enjoyed Lori Foster writing Books were all easy to read. A little sexy, good stories of a family of men and their lives. I bought several of her books.
Pretty Good Collection This is a pretty good collection of the Grimm Fairy Tales. It was translated into pretty simple English. This is just a few of the Grimm's stories and there are a lot other books out there with more than just these stories. This was a good quick read of some of the Grimm Fairy Tales, and I would recommend it to someone who is looking for a quick read of a selection of the Grimm Tales.
Most reading fun I've had in ages It's a good thing Ms. Crusie has written so prolifically, since this bundle has made me an instant addict. I can't remember ever chuckling aloud so much while reading anything. Loved the characters, including secondary ones, and zipped through the plots, often asking myself, "How's she going to write her way out of this?" She did, of course, write her way out every time with wit and often tongue in cheek. My kind of escapist-lit candy. Yum!
Daughter of Zion, Daughter of Miriam Detective Peter Decker Is called upon to investigate a heinous, brutal rape of a young married woman in a remote yeshiva community. Jewtown, the police, and gentile neighbours called it. Normally, very few criminal reports came from this quiet, orthodox area. The police had been pursuing the Foothill Rapist who had committed crimes elsewhere. Law enforcement tried to make a connection, but religious beliefs, fear and embarrassment had sealed the victim's lips. Peter Decker is attracted to Rina Lazarus, a practising, young Jewish widow, who lives with her two sons in the compound. Could Sarah Adler have been mistaken for Rina? Rina recalled her dependency when she was with Yitzchak. That paranoia encircled her again The invisible fear shackles had to be broken. This Is a crime story, but also, the first of several novels written by Faye Killerman which feature the budding, and developing romance between an orthodox Jewish woman and an outsider. This novel lays the foundation for more Decker, Lazarus novels which pair the two as lovers, and intelligent crime solvers. The undercurrents are deep and freely flowing. After the prep is apprehended, Marge said of Rina, "She's bruised, but she'll be okay. She's s tough lady, Pete."
Sunday morning relaxation with the NY Times OK, I admit it, the "Times" can be somewhat biased at times in its reporting but the fact of the matter is that when you live in another country, pressed for time, trying to find leisurly reading material "wrapped" up into one document, in English, where you can sit down over a cup of coffee and read cover to cover or in pieces is enjoyable. This is the Kindle version. Access to all the sections is very easy, clipping articles is too simple and the range of topics from National news, international, book reviews, etc. provides for comfortable, low stress reading. It would be nice to have some of the graphics and images from the paper associated with a story but generally the experience is good.Easy breakfast time reading on Samsung Galaxy Note Unfortunately the paper is like so many others, generally common information that all other papers have so it is not a must read/have. It is cheaper than the NYTimes but cost per "word" count or cost per "variety of information" or "cost per just-about-anything-else" as compared to the NY Times on-line edition doesn't compare. Unfortunately, the NYTimes does not have an Android version and I can not purchase for the Galaxy Note. If I could I would not buy the Washington Post. I'm not sure why I buy the Washington Post except that I need something of a Newspaper to read. I live in a foreign country and do not have access to normal newspapers except on the internet.It is just ok. Obvious bias in many articles - what happened to objectivity? Regardless interesting when read with a grain of salt. The book reviews are good, travel section interesting. Overall, for a newspaper it is ok.
The House of Chaos is Built Kelly McCullough continues to rack up big points with his ongoing science/fantasy series starring Ravirn, a child of the Fates from Greek mythology. The first book, WEBMAGE, was an excellent story, introducing a smart-mouthed, quick-thinking, magnet for trouble that reminded me a lot of Roger Zelazny's signature characters. Like Zelazny's Corwin of Amber and Jack of Shadows, Ravirn tells his own story in a first-person narrative that explodes onto the pages and keeps moving along at a brisk pace. Since I'd read the first book, the second book, CYBERMANCY, didn't offer any challenges to lock into the world. I felt like I was stepping back into a gathering of old friends. That's how you know you have excellent characters - when your readers can drop back in and never wonder once who is who. I call these books science/fantasy because McCullough insists on making technology and magic both driving factors of the series. Not only is Ravirn a child of the Fates who's gifted with awesome magical abilities, he's also a computer geek that knows his way around hacks and cracks. As steeped as I am in computer-speak, I was sometime challenged with having to keep up with the amount of information in Ravirn's narrative, but even when I lost the thread of something (I blame my ADHD, not McCullough's writing) it didn't take me long to catch up. Even cooler than that, though, Ravirn turns out to be an emerging chaos god who's about to hang a shingle in the Greek pantheon. That story alone is worth the price of the book. There are lots of stories in the second book of the series, though. Ravirn's friendship with Melchior -- the webgoblin he created, designed, programmed, and eventually gave independence to - is still at the forefront of the adventure. Likewise, Cerice - Ravirn's lady love - returns with a host of new issues as well. Her webgoblin's name is Shara, but she has a tendency to take a human form that looks an awful lot like Mae West, complete with ample charms and double entendre enough to make a sailor blush. At the end of WEBMAGE, Shara inadvertently got trapped in Hell. Hades, that is. Cerice is as dedicated to Shara as Ravirn is to Melchior. So you know that Ravirn has to journey to Hades, risking certain death in the Land of the Dead as he outsmarts Cerberus, the three-headed dog that guards the gates of Hades. Thankfully, Ravirn has been playing cards with the dog/s for some time, so he knows a thing or two. The story quickly takes shape as Ravirn attempts his feats of derring-do for his lady love. Who might not even love him in the same way he loves her. I really got into all these balls McCullough kept throwing in the air. There's always a new reason to keep turning pages. One of the strongest aspects about the books that I enjoy is the fact that McCullough plays fair with the whole Greek mythology. More to the point, if not for one of the most basic myths, this story would never even have taken place. People who haven't tried the series really don't know what they're missing. McCullough has true world-building skills, a great sense of Greek mythology, and the eye of a thriller writer. The blend of technology and magic is absolutely amazing, and I'm surprised no one has thought to do it quite like this before. The first-person narrative pulls readers in quickly and introduces them to the action and the world effortlessly. I like the humor, the puns and the jokes, a lot. It fits the characters perfectly. And now, with Ravirn's mysterious future slightly more clear, I can't wait to see where the third book takes him. I'm definitely going along for the trip when the book comes out.Enthralling Entertainment for the Whole Family After last book's cliffhanger ending, I really thought we'd be spared one in John Flanagan's latest offering. Not so. Thankfully, I'm behind in the series so I have the next one to hand. Unfortunately I'm listening to them with my family in the car on audiobook and it's gonna be a while before we settle in for another long drive to get to the next one. As we last left our heroes, Will had been kidnapped by the Skandians (Vikings) and Halt had been forced to watch his protg's abduction helplessly. Well, things are changing. Halt is a Ranger, a man of action and one who views the word IMPOSSIBLE with disdain. Since Halt is forsworn to stay to protect the King of Araluen (England), he has to sit and chafe while wondering about Will. The thing I love about Halt is that he will find ways to get things done without breaking his code of honor. That makes him the best of friends and yet the most implacable of enemies. He will let nothing stand in his way - not even duty or a friend. I felt badly for him when he had to stand before the King, his friend, and be judged for his actions, but at the same time I was proud of him. That's the true sign of a writer bringing a character to life. In my mind, Halt lives. The thing that really captured my imagination and my heart was the way Horace accompanies Halt on his mission to get Will back. All the political connections and friendships really come to bear in this novel, and it just shows how deep and rich Flanagan has developed his story world. Of course, the author is pretty much bending the Middle Ages the way he wants them bent to serve his story, but I'm really okay with that. Flanagan knows how to unreel a rollicking good tale. My family and I are carried to distant lands every time the CD spins through the player and we drive down the road. This book quickly evolves into two complete stories. Will and Evanlyn's tale in Skandia is bleak and hard as they're put into slavery after a harsh voyage. I like Erak's development in this story, and I know he's going to develop into a major player in this series. Seems like everywhere Will and Halt go they're forging new bonds, taking on new responsibilities. But that's just fun! Horace and Halt's trip through Gallica (France) is an absolute blast. I love how these two characters play off each other, how Halt's conniving flies in the face of Horace's need for honor and fair play. The bit about the challenges of the various knights and the pack train of goods Horace accumulates as the results of his battles is magnificent. The end battle between Halt and Deparnieux was extremely well done and shows what a calculating and cunning warrior the Ranger is. How can you not love this guy? Will kind of fades away at the end of this novel, though, and I missed him sorely. Still, Erak steps up and helps Evanlyn see to their safety. Her struggle to break Will's addiction to Warm-Weed was well done and filled with emotion. I'm anxiously awaiting the opportunity to get onto the fourth book. But I'll wait because these stories are uniting our family in a lot of ways, and there's nothing better than a shared story!
The Career of a Master Con CATCH ME IF YOU CAN is the autobiography of master con man, Frank Abagnale. By the time he was 20, he had traveled all over the world; stolen millions of dollars; passed himself off as a Pan Am pilot, a pediatrician, a lawyer, and a sociology professor. Abagnale invented modern fraud and now he works at debunking it. This book was an excellent read. It was quick, entertaining, informative, and slightly fascinating. The author does seem like a chauvinistic pig at the beginning of the book, but keep in mind he was describing himself as he was: a sixteen year old boy who had no ethical and moral system to adhere. I thoroughly enjoyed the book and have been recommending it to many of my friends. It's one of the most intriguing autobiographies I've read in years.
A wonderful collection of an intriguing fantasy series I very much enjoyed the individual books in the book of words and this collection is a great price at which to review the works. Fun and different.
Pathfinder edition, real vision of the Manifesto If you want the real vision of the Communist Manifesto--not a slice of the manifesto after pages and pages of writing by someone who wants you to believe her or his view, mostly against the vision of the Manifesto--pick up the Pathfinder Version. It is priced to be used as a tool by workers, youth, rebels. Read what Marx and Engels have to say in sweepingly powerful language about what capitalism has done, good and bad, and how there IS a way out for working people, farmers, oppressed peoples. Because so many try to tie the Manifesto to rotten corpse of Stalinism in the Soviet Union, the inroduction to this edition is absolutely essential. It is an introduction Leon Trotsky, the great revolutionary opponent of Stalin, wrote especially for American readers in the 1930s. Pathfinder's version is the Manifesto in the sprit it authors meant it to be, nothing more, nothing less. If you want to read this analysis brought up to date, check out Pathfinder's Capitalism's World Disorder and Cuba and the Coming American Revolution. While this book may not be directly available from Amazon at times, they are available from the booksfrompathfinder on Amazon that you can find by clicking on the new and used books on this page.
A different kind of story Although this book had the usual elements of a good western the added story lines about Europe gave it a more expansive feel
Five Stars enjoy reading westerns, need more Hawke series
... 11 books I plan on reading all of them love love this series thanks to fern Michael for writing ... So far I brought 11 books I plan on reading all of them love love this series thanks to fern Michael for writing this series
